dpa: iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in baghdad.
you wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets.
although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells, i don't find the news that the baathists continue to penetrate the iraqi government very hopeful.
it reminds me too much of the arvn officers who were secretly working for the other side in vietnam.
on wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his wife while they were on their way home.
in suwayrah, kut province, two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated.
the commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion.
but in my view it is highly significant.
he is no longer in the dominant shiite list, the united iraqi alliance, and won't have many seats in the new parliament.
some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months, something chalabi would have blocked if he could have.
if he or she did not, then they should have all the same rights as other iraqis.
a team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died.
baghdadis don't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more, you never know where you might get stuck.
fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever.
yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars, they only come out in the open when americans leave the area, then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak-47's in the air.
they are setting the road blocks at the exact same positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same people.
and there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land.
most people haven't gone to work the last few days, although it seems that the rest of baghdad is 'normal' (if you can define what normal is).
there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april, and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like "this time we will be the first to loot, we didn't get anything the last time".
what irritates me is this sudden false 'solidarity' between sunni and shi'ite clerics, we all know that they would be glad to get at each others throats when they have the chance, and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as 'ba'athists', 'saddamites', 'wahhabis', and 'terrorists' just a few days ago.
i guess it's just the old new arab 'me against my brother, me and my brother against my cousin, me and my cousin against my enemy', or 'the enemy of my enemy is my friend' thing going on again.
speaking of fallujah, we have only al-jazeera to rely on for our news from there.
they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town, and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al-sahhaf.
"they are targetting ambulances", "american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women", and "they are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you get to hear from him.
he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al-golan, but of course that is okay for al-jazeera.
azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin, an al-qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website 'the voice of jihad', in which he stated that "although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam, but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions".
he added that "america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation, they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see", and that "the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged, defiled, and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters".
now you can tour chernobyl and write your own story.
it is a time to learn what happened and how it may affect the future.
as a parent, i can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning.
i would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing.
as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy (primitive at best!) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging--they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments....
the urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more grateful for the blessings i have.
i'm sorry to say elena's story has been revealed to be a fake.
if al-qaeda can kill musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by islamist junior officers, they can hope to catapult the mma to power as political allies and hosts.
they would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is also a nuclear power.
but so was it unlikely that a small group of arab mujahidin would virtually take over afghanistan.
response: the us must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the pakistani government.
it should continue to be defanged.
response: iraq is actually hostile territory for al-qaeda, and without iraqi sympathizers it cannot succeed there.
by moving quickly to iraqi sovereignty and improvement of iraqi lives, the us may be able to get iraqis on its side, so that they turn in the foreigners.
we need an fdr in iraq, not a ronald reagan.
the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al-qaeda infiltrators, and it would be dangerous to take one's eyes off the former ball.
the problem with this argument is that bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000, so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard.
he could not name the others.
"can you name the general who is in charge of pakistan?"
hiller replied: "no, it's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots." . . .
bush, in answering the question about the leader of pakistan, also said: "the new pakistani general, he's just been elected -- not elected, this guy took over office.
it appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and i think that's good news for the subcontinent."
"i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as "good news," gore said.
"further, i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty.
"it is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments," said david leavy, spokesman for the national security council.
musharraf made his coup in part because of the military's anger over prime minister nawaz sharif's willingness to back down from confronting india over kashmir, so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger.
i can't tell you how ominous i found bush's performance in that interview.
i still remember him stuttering about "the general," unable to remember musharraf's name.
he obviously had no idea what he was talking about, though he demonstrated a number of ill-fated instincts.
and, he didn't think he needed to know anything about south asia, with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics--the latter a dire security threat to the us.
he couldn't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less.
so, one answer to bush's charge about edwards is that if it had any merit, bush should have declined to run himself.
i don't see bush doing any of this.
have they, however, actually weakened israeli security?
at some points, as in the late 1980s, he reportedly made behind-the-scenes overtures to the israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal.
he did not allow palestinian radicals to launch operations against israel from iraq.
if it is hard to see how baathist iraq posed any real threat to israel, it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability.
they vehemently protested the israeli assassination of sheikh ahmed yassin, the leader of hamas, last march.
they have also reestablished their historical links with lebanese and iranian shiites.
it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel, and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals.
whereas saddam hussein's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control, they are now free to organize.
apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987, the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty.
while india is ready to enter into a "defense cooperation agreement" with sri lanka, it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation's two decades-old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic tamils and the sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides.
for that reason, he said, kumaratunga's government was keen to beef up military preparedness with indian support.
and the tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive," muni told ips.
but they, too, failed.
"the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [unlike india] to underwrite any arrangement," kalkat told ips in an interview.
he complained about the "visible lack of progress" and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides.
she added that recent visits to the island by india's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have "caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island".
in any case, kalkat puts it succinctly: "there cannot be a military option to what is a political situation."
while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with, few have been as brazen as colin powell.
as pakistan's president had been telling the united states he was "forced" into taking a hawkish line on india precisely by the likes of rahman, this was an embarrassment.
india keeps what it has while pakistan and china (which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago) do likewise.
it is also far more than what any administration in new delhi can deliver.
unfortunately for them, the general has decided to take seriously colin powell's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the indians made conciliatory gestures toward islamabad.
it was the business community in india that stepped in after vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002, pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was china.
the one country that has shown that it understands the realities in south asia is china.
we all know that john kerry served in vietnam.
four whole months, after which he took advantage of a little-known, little-invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his "band of brothers".
we also know how dan rather libeled george bush and impugned his service in the texas air national guard on a "60 minutes ii" report based largely on forged documents.
as far as george bush knew, he and his unit could have been transferred to vietnam.
they don't let just anybody do it.
some reporters (you know, the ones with journalistic ethics) have actually uncovered the truth about george bush's service in the texas air national guard.
for example, did you know that george bush spent considerably more time in uniform than john kerry?
before you fall for dems’ spin, here are the facts
what do you really know about george w. bush’s time in the air national guard?
that he didn’t show up for duty in alabama?
almost immediately, he began an extended period of training.
it was full-time work.
by the time it was over, bush had served nearly two years.
as he did, he accumulated points toward his national guard service requirements.
according to records released earlier this year, bush earned 253 points in his first year, may 1968 to may 1969 (since he joined in may 1968, his service thereafter was measured on a may-to-may basis).
he earned 137 points in 1970-1971.
and he earned 112 points in 1971-1972.
the numbers indicate that in his first four years, bush not only showed up, he showed up a lot.
did you know that?
in fact, you were helping them solve their problem.”
from may 1972 to may 1973, he earned just 56 points — not much, but enough to meet his requirement.
then, in 1973, as bush made plans to leave the guard and go to harvard business school, he again started showing up frequently.
in june and july of 1973, he accumulated 56 points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 year.
then, at his request, he was given permission to go.
by that time, however, he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service.
now, it is only natural that news reports questioning bush’s service — in the boston globe and the new york times, on cbs and in other outlets — would come out now.
and, as it is with kerry, it’s reasonable to look at a candidate’s entire record, including his military service — or lack of it.
voters are perfectly able to decide whether it’s important or not in november.
the kerry camp blames bush for the swift boat veterans’ attack, but anyone who has spent much time talking to the swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons.
in april — before the swift boat veterans had said a word — kerry said bush “has yet to explain to america whether or not, and tell the truth, about whether he showed up for duty.”
earlier, kerry said, “just because you get an honorable discharge does not, in fact, answer that question.”
we should know as much as we can.
i suspect the streets of baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week.
there is no doubt that many iraqis regard the date of 30 january as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives, but at the same time, many others are already dreading it.
the interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections, but i fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 (or so) balloting centres.
again there is no official written statement from sistani's office confirming this allegation, which i think is intentional.
one remark made by sha'lan on al-arabiya tv, that he couldn't say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor.
even there, many kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power.
i doubt that will be the outcome though.
its support base is much larger than what it seems.
i had an interesting conversation with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in fallujah and is now at relatives in amiriya, baghdad.
after asking me which tribe i belong to (thus assessing my sectarian background) he started hurling abuses at the shia, calling them persians, majoos (fire worshippers), rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i can't mention here.
he described allawi's face as that of a f*ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and traitors.
he said that resistance was the only commonsense solution.
leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region, sunnis have never offered an alternative choice, which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement.
i had another conversation some months ago with a retired ba'athist old-timer who claimed that ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an american withdrawal.
on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command, even though many have formed seperate cells (often under islamic labels) with their own leaderships.
he said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbouring and regional governments.
i concur that ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates, along with the capital, if americans are to be removed from the picture entirely.
but i also see that as a fatal misconception, which is doing sunnis harm, because i don't believe the us is going anywhere so soon.
any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this, so not even sistani is going to call the us to withdraw its troops, despite what he is saying now, not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture, or that they have an alternative foreign power (in this case iran) to back them up.
i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics, since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority.
i believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new iraq.
("at first i hid a lot.
i thought the us government was looking for me.
now i hide a lot less.")
as recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country.
and though he'd been a faithful servant, he was not such a player that he could get away with that.
he should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, cia operative michael meiring.
they happened in the philippines which, like pakistan, is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other.
i expect it will be determined that, under "strong man" hugo chavez, posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial.
i seem to recall the object was to smuggle explosives.
they needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in cia files on wilson.
wilson was claiming that he had been working for the cia when he sold the c-4 to quaddaffi.
the prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both cia and the 'office of naval intelligence'.
wilson had been able to show that he'd had more than 80 "non-social contacts" with the cia since his retirement in 1971, leaving the prosecution's case in turmoil.
third ranking cia officer, briggs signed a declaration on february 3rd, 1983, that on november 8th, 1982, he had authorized a search of cia records "for any material that in any way pertains to edwin p. wilson, or the various allegations concerning his activities after february 28th, 1971, when he retired from the cia."
looks like it is rearing its head again in louisianna..
police said bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in november 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at hosanna church.
we have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose.
if i was rummy i'd send posada to iraq to blow things up there.
now that's a post i can relate to.
you really got me thinking, i enjoy reading this blog.
i don't know how others feel, but i'm definitely looking into immigration to canada as an option.
the good ã³l us of a aint what it used to be.
i like yuor blog.
hey that's a great blog, i also have a site about los angeles online dating
you can check it out : los angeles online dating
this may be of interest to you i have a free online dating service.
it pretty much covers dating stuff.
i'll be sure to come back.
hey i just love your blog.
i also have a dating advice blog/site.
i mostly deals with dating advice
please come and check it out if you get the time!
i was searching for dog food info and found this post.
i agree totally!
how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom-designed to your specifications.........and at no cost to you?
you can do it.
and it's not hard to do.... if you know how.
the only catch is that you have to have an income above $21,000...... and......you have to follow the easy instructions provided to you.
it is likely, but not certain, that they will be deported to myanmar.
but the news of the arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in new delhi over the security of the andaman islands.
it has also become an arms depot of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), who operate almost freely in the andaman sea.
correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the indian navy's far eastern naval command, now being established along with india's "blue water navy".
security problems in the andaman sea are not new, but they have deteriorated during the past few years, in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in bangladesh, nepal and bhutan, and particularly in the northeastern indian states of manipur, nagaland and tripura.
while the indian army has become rock-solid in the western front, and has developed the capability of withstanding any pakistani adventure in that sector, it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector, where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist, terrorist and drug-running militants operating between southeast asia and northeastern india through bangladesh.
since the "sea tigers" of the ltte, better known as the tamil tigers, are the ones who rule the andaman sea: they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in aceh and all along the east coast of africa.
it is old news that the tamil tigers have developed a strong network within south africa.
"port blair, havelock islands, diglipur, middle nicobar, campbell's bay, neil islands and rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners," he said.
as most of them have few technical skills, and the andamans have little demand for them in any case, they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities.
reports from port blair make it evident that new delhi gets little on-the-ground intelligence, and the indian coast guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands.
considering the islands' huge strategic importance, it is amazing how lax new delhi has been.
unless new delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels, secessionists, drug runners and arms traffickers, it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations.
in fact, it would tend to encourage more organized anti-india outfits, such as the pakistani inter-services intelligence (isi) and outside-linked maoists, to exploit these networks and weaken india's eastern flank.
it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups, such as the harkat-ul-jehad-al-islami, in the port city of chittagong, and put a number of secessionist rebels from india's northeast in touch with this terrorist network.
a pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the ltte from laos, cambodia and thailand into chittagong, from where they are transported northward by land to bhutan.
stretching 750 kilometers from end to end, they reach from near the coast of myanmar almost to sumatra in indonesia.
travel to the nicobar islands is forbidden to non-indians, and they are also not allowed in some parts of south andaman island.
he also writes for aakrosh, india's defense-tied quarterly journal.
“there have no business being there unless they are undermining pakistan,’’ says a pakistani official.
‘’should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously,” says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan’s national security directorate. ]
the neighbours are still interfering, but there are signs that rather than undermining afghanistan’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it.
‘’it was the first time that bush totally focused on the taliban threat rather than al qaeda with the pakistanis,’’ says a western diplomat.
until then he had said pakistan’s options were open.
us and nato military officers in kabul say it is too early to say whether bush’s tough message was instrumental in persuading musharraf and the isi to pressure the taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections.
‘’there is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border, but the movement of taliban still goes on both ways,’’ he adds.
until now pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it cannot happen until there is both a pull from kabul and a push from islamabad.
with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan, there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home.
“there have no business being there unless they are undermining pakistan,’’ says a pakistani official.
‘’should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously,” says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan’s national security directorate.
karzai categorically said that he has assured musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against pakistan taken by indian diplomats inside afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly.
iranian officials say they made no objections to khan’s ouster because they want to strengthen karzai’s campaign against warlords.
‘’we have a very small number of forces in shindand with a few helicopters,’’ says barno.
nevertheless this places karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the us and iran.
so far what they have done together has been good for us and that’s how we would like to keep it’’, says karzai.
in the post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the taliban do not have the support of the afghan people nor the afghan pashtuns.
it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan, the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan, pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil.
the charges that they have put some vets up to making against kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .
or they weren't eyewitnesses and are just lying.
he has never lived in a war zone.
he was drinking.
he was drinking like a fish, every night, into the wee hours.
he gave no service to anyone, risked nothing, and did not even slack off efficiently.
the history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to bush's character as an addictive personality, but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president.
he clearly enjoyed, as governor, watching executions.
his delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed, in one debate, to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong-doers a little too much.
he has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in iraq.
that he managed to get on the wagon (though with that pretzel incident, you wonder how firmly) is laudable.
but he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath, and we are all suffering along with him now, since he is the most powerful man in the world.
we all know by now that bush did not even do his full service with the texas air national guard, absenting himself to work on the alabama senate campaign of winton "red" blount.
whether he was actually awol during this stint is unclear.
but it is clear that not only did bush slack off on his national guard service, but he slacked off from his campaign work.
this little-noted interview with blount's nephew murph archibald, which appeared on national public radio's "all things considered on march 30, 2004, gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through bush in that period.
for weeks, reporters scoured alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing mr. bush at the time he was serving in the national guard there.
president bush has always said that working for blount was the reason he transferred to the alabama air national guard.
groom was republican red blount's scheduler, and in that job, she was the hub in the campaign wheel.
ask her about the handsome young man from texas, and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday.
he would wear khaki trousers and some old jacket.
he was always ready to go out on the road.
on the phone, you could hear his accent.
it was a texas accent.
but he just melded with everybody.
it was mr. bush's job to organize the republican county chairpersons in the 67 alabama counties.
it was the young texan's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them.
. . . murph archibald is red blount's nephew by marriage, and in 1972, he was coming off a 15-month tour in vietnam in the infantry.
mr. murph archibald (nephew of red blount): well, i was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings.
ordinarily, george would come in around noon; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening.
goodwyn: archibald says that two months before the election, in september of '72, red blount's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over mr. bush's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties.
my overall impression was that he didn't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters.
goodwyn: murph archibald says that at first, he didn't know that mr. bush was serving in the air national guard.
after he found out from somebody else, archibald attempted to talk to mr. bush about it.
the president was a lieutenant and archibald had been a lieutenant, too; he figured they had something to talk about.
in fact, when i broached the subject with him, he simply changed the subject.
he wasn't unpleasant about it, but he just changed the subject and wouldn't talk about it.
he went out in the evenings and had a good time.
archibald says mr. bush would come into the office and, in a friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before, kind of as a conversation starter.
they're going to talk about their kids, they're going to talk about football, they're going to talk about the weather.
and this was simply his opening gambit; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking.
mr. archibald: i mean, at that time, i was 28; george would have been 25 or 26.
and i thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations, particularly in the context of something as serious as a us senatorial campaign, by talking about their drinking the night before.
i thought it unusual and, frankly, inappropriate.
goodwyn: according to archibald, mr. bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at yale in new haven, and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving, he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a connecticut us senator.
mr. archibald: he told us whenever he was stopped, as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of prescott bush, they would let him go.
and he would always laugh about that. "
but that means nothing, since they weren't the sort of things guys like bush told the "girls".
he was trying to buddy with archibald and impress him.
and you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen
afraid i don't have time today to discuss these, but some stories need attention:
it follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for iraq's police and army instead went to al-qaeda .
amnesty chief spokesman mike blakemore said: "it's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles.
if these weapons have gone missing it's a terrifying prospect."
a coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received "any weapons from bosnia" and added they were "not aware of any purchases for iraq from bosnia".
a nato spokesman said: "there's no tracking mechanism to ensure they don't fall into the wrong hands.
the moldovan airline is aerocom, and yes , it's one of victor bout's .
it's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the incompetence theory receives, even from some of the administration's harshest mainstream critics.
but bout's name isn't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives, before it sinks like so many others beneath the media's frothing triviality.
and it's guilty :
an altar cloth was draped over her half-naked body, which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted.
"it was about how he could humiliate her the most," prosecutor dean mandros said in closing arguments.
have you sent this to congress yet?
when the flds under mr. jeffs (and his father before him) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $110 million; when it became clear that government officials, school authorities, and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges (mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men); and when the sect began to use secluded compounds, state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously.
in the past, he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world, according to former members.
maybe i'm missing something here, but how, exactly, does one 'loose' 200,000 ak47's?
i'm sure this kind of thing goes on all the time.
we now return you to your regularly scheduled programming....
just go here, its simply amazing
i count like 14 explosive headlines.
maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic underground?
i read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law.
personally i don't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled.
it is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me.
in the warren jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband.
it is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child.
the doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure.
one member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from 'marriage' to her father's own brother.
so we "lost" some weapon?
it's a good thing too.
we wouldn't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us.
they really are milking the incompetence angle though, aren't they?
christ, you'd think america would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots.
i suppose that it's damn lucky for the gop that she is populated with gullible idiots.
a country deserves the leaders it has, my friends...
(''we have three generations of martyrs: grandmothers, mothers, daughters.'')
most of the girls i was meeting had grown up in mujahedeen schools in ashraf, where they lived separated from their parents.
when iraq invaded kuwait, many of these girls were transported to jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- germany, france, canada, denmark, england, the united states -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually mujahedeen supporters.
when they were 18 or 19, many of them decided to come back to iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest mujahedeen generation.
though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since from the day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders.
one has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people don't know what they are, don't care, or know perfectly well.
that's all i know; i've had nothing to do with it.
"another generation of heavy metal has taken over, and -- sorry -- it ain't just about strippers and dope.
okay, it's partly about strippers and dope.
and we'll get around to that.
but more and more, as metal evolves into a huge international music that belongs to everyone, it has gotten to be something weirder.
it's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality; real morality.
the moldovan airline is aerocom, and yes, it's one of victor bout's.
you know, nature hates a void. :)
i agree, hmmmmmm.
and were the columbine killers acting out this "real morality" when they indescriminately murdered their classmates.
they were death metal brainwashed fans, literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm, er ... morality.
i detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent in this article.
i think the jury's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the columbine killers.
perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'church-morality' crowd, which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation.
the last i checked, the satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed (though false) christians.
i'm firing my editor.
well, it's not as simple and clear cut as all that.
we're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political-spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection.
i wouldn't wonder too hard.
the answer is likely d: all of the above, due to this being a complex reality we live in.
but to me, without question, they often know perfectly well.
here is a thought: when the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives.
they trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they "do as they wilt".
& here i am thinking that i really must be getting old.
the police and many of their friends just thought they had run off together.
no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked
it emerged that chiara, the girl who disappeared with fabio, had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom.
"no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked.
they're inseparable," he says.
yeah, i think jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months: "to hell with death".
i wholly agree, and would expand that statement to include: "to hell with death metal".
they are doing it deliberately.
do you really think gwb, and neocons in general are representative of true followers of jesus of nazareth?
(i know, ignorant question) then why call them, or any other phonies 'christians', even if they themselves claim the appellation.
they are merely imposters.
everything they claim is a lie, and this above all.
they want to be identified as 'christians', and i fully suspect that for some of them, the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage, and has a lot more to do with the black magician's practice of the inversion principle.
we need to be more 'rigorous' about how we perceive these people.
see them as they are, not for what they claim to be.
when the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives.
they trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions, while they "do as they wilt."
why don't you state it?
my point is that these are all just questions and i am undecided as to the answers.
(don't wish to use wikipedia again, it's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information.)
he blended belief systems such as shamanism, christianity, buddhism, paganism, hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners.
maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers.
"i am, therefore i think" :)
i went across the bay last night to attend a farmer's market and music event.
just give your email and/or phone number to these guys and they'll track down your family.
i resisted asking any questions that would have required either of them to think.
it would have been too painful to watch.
i don't know if this has been verified.
i like to imagine the thought processes going on in w's head if he were to actually read the letter, but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter.
as i read the letter, i considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs. that of the mind of the man who once said "bring it on!"
they have been accumulating for years, and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it.
i can't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent ri.
i'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup, that's for damn sure. :)
i'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger won't let me in today...but sign me troublefunk.
simply, the questions permeate the entire 'western (mystery) tradition' and perhaps 'eastern' as well, as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality.
or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation?
shall we censor the works of poet charles baudelaire as well?
tronicus, if you're still checking this thread:
a bit of a knee-jerk reaction from me there, and i apologize for my over-generalizations.
i just get hung up on 'christians', as they're the dominant form where i come from.
also, i'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now (and, in general, most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses.
it boggles the mind that anyone can take at face value bush's claims to be a christian, yet many seem to do just that.
i seem to remember something about 'by their works shall ye know them."
i do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old 'rock-n-roll made them do it' argument.
whie i don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which i think is patently rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on.
again, i think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos, and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly.
these people are dangerous wether they're head-banging to 'canibal corpse' or humming along to 'onward christian soldiers'.
i have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence, forgiveness, and charity, but it's important to remember that christians (or 'smartwolves') do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle.
i guess those guns will be located enroute to venezuela or found in storage there by one of the us's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two.
it is the text of a speech given by an arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation.
it's a long but very worthwhile read.
"as you know, i usually provide the scientific and technological "entertainment" in our meetings, but, on this occasion, our chairman suggested that i present my own personal view on events in the part of the world from which i come.
i have never been and i will never be a government official and i have no privileged information.
my perspective is entirely based on what i see, on what i read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years.
you may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are supposed to question, when you visit a country.
i could have shared with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the israeli-arab conflict.
however, i will touch upon it only in passing.
i prefer to devote most of my remarks to the broader picture of the region and its place in world events.
i refer to the entire area between pakistan and morocco, which is predominantly arab, predominantly moslem, but includes many non-arab and also significant non-moslem minorities.
why do i put aside israel and its own immediate neighborhood?
because israel and any problems related to it, in spite of what you might read or hear in the world media, is not the central issue, and has never been the central issue in the upheaval in the region.
yes, there is a 100 year-old israeli-arab conflict, but it is not where the main show is.
the libyan blowing up of the pan-am flight had nothing to do with israel, and i could go on and on and on.
they have a land area larger than either the us or all of europe.
the social status of women is far below what it was in the western world 150 years ago.
it is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators, terror networks, fanaticism, incitement, suicide murders and general decline.
it is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the united states, on israel, on western civilization, on judaism and christianity, on anyone and anything, except themselves.
a word about the millions of decent, honest, good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families: they are double victims of an outside world, which now develops islamophobia, and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional.
the problem is that the vast silent majority of these moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement, but they also do not stand up against it.
they become accomplices, by omission, and this applies to political leaders, intellectuals, business people and many others.
a few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a world war, but we are already well into it.
these are the four main pillars of the current world conflict, or perhaps we should already refer to it as "the undeclared world war iii":
suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular, if i may use this expression, only lately.
even after september 11, it seems that most of the western world does not yet understand this weapon.
it is a very potent psychological weapon.
it creates headlines.
it is spectacular.
it is frightening.
it is always shown on television in great detail.
one such murder, with the help of hysterical media coverage, can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while, as it did in bali and in turkey.
we may arrange for the best airport security in the world.
but if you want to murder by suicide, you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people.
protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters, concert halls, supermarkets, shopping malls, schools and hospitals.
you can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way.
and it is a war!
it has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs.
wouldn't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves, or to talk their sons into doing it, if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor?
aren't they interested in the benefits of going to heaven?
instead, they send outcast women, naive children, retarded people and young incited hotheads.
they promise them the delights, mostly sexual, of the next world, and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead.
it never happens there.
the only way to fight this new "popular" weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas: the offensive way.
like in the case of organized crime, it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid.
you cannot eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug dealer on the street corner.
you must go after the head of the "family".
i am very much afraid that most of europe still does not understand it.
unfortunately, it seems that europe will understand it only after suicide murders arrive in europe in a big way.
they kill people.
it is often said that politicians, diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie, as part of their professional life.
but the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish, in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about.
you all remember the iraqi minister of information, mr. mouhamad said al-sahaf and his press conferences when the us forces were already inside baghdad.
it also does not prevent the western press from giving credence, every day, even now, to similar liars.
after all, if you want to be an anti-semite, there are subtle ways of doing it.
you do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened, and that the jewish temple in jerusalem never existed.
when these same leaders make other statements, the western media report them as if they could be true.
it is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance, arm and dispatch suicide murderers, condemn the act in english in front of western tv cameras, talking to a world audience, which even partly believes them.
it is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in arabic to his people and in english to the rest of the world.
i recommend to you, even though most of you do not understand arabic, to watch al jazeera, from time to time.
you will not believe your own eyes.
you may support or oppose the iraq war, but to refer to fans of saddam, arafat or bin laden as peace activists is a bit too much.
she then blows herself up, killing 20 people, including many children, with heads and arms rolling around in the restaurant.
they provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities.
it was joseph goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough, people will believe it.
he is now being outperformed by his successors.
they are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners, commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable living, by serving as terror infrastructure.
it is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior, that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal.
it is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the moslem world, for the miseries of the region.
the outer circle is largely financed by saudi arabia, but also by donations from certain moslem communities in the united states and europe and, to a smaller extent, by donations of european governments to various ngo's and by certain united nations organizations, whose goals may be noble, but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle.
the saudis are beginning to understand it, but they fight the inner circles, while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle.
you meet their children in the best private schools in europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers.
never in history, not even in the nazi period, was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now.
every student of political science debates how you prevent an anti-democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing democracy.
does free speech protect you when you shout "fire" in a crowded theater?
but now we have an entire new set.
do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage?
do you return fire, if you are attacked from a hospital?
do you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages?
do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets?
do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you, standing deliberately behind a group of children?
do you raid terrorist headquarters, hidden in a mental hospital?
do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children?
what do you do?
well, you do not want to face the dilemma.
i leave it to you as homework to figure out what spain or france would have done, in such a situation.
it is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice-skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player.
international law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones, stands behind them and shoots with immunity and cannot be arrested because he is sheltered by a government.
the picture i described here is not pretty.
what can we do about it?
here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women, more education, counter-propaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to western media, internet and the international scene.
above all, we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil.
when you have a malignant tumor, you may remove the tumor itself surgically.
you may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body, thereby preventing new "supplies" from expanding the tumor.
if you want to be sure, it is best to do both.
but before you fight and win, by force or otherwise, you have to realize that you are in a war, and this may take europe a few more years.
in order to win, it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes, so that no government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people.
this is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries.
it is not surprising that iran is so active in trying to incite a shiite uprising in iraq.
i do not know if the american plan was actually to encircle both iran and syria, but that is the resulting situation.
it definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions.
it has an ideology which claims supremacy over western culture.
it is ruthless.
it has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist acts without leaving too many traces, using iranian embassies.
it is clearly trying to develop nuclear weapons.
iran sponsors syrian terrorism, it is certainly behind much of the action in iraq, it is fully funding the hezbollah and, through it, the palestinian hamas and islamic jihad; it performed acts of terror at least in europe and in south america and probably also in uzbekistan and saudi arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium, which includes, as minor players, syria, lebanon and certain shiite elements in iraq.
in order to win the war it is also necessary to dry the financial resources of the terror conglomerate.
when it serves their business needs, all of them collaborate beautifully.
it is crucial to stop saudi and other financial support of the outer circle, which is the fertile breeding ground of terror.
it is important to monitor all donations from the western world to islamic organizations, to monitor the finances of international relief organizations and to react with forceful economic measures to any small sign of financial aid to any of the three circles of terrorism.
it is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those western media who collaborate with it out of naivety, financial interests or ignorance.
but it really does not matter.
what matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving spain out of iraq.
if by democracy we mean free elections but also free press, free speech, a functioning judicial system, civil liberties, equality to women, free international travel, exposure to international media and ideas, laws against racial incitement and against defamation, and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals, places of worship and children, then yes, democracy is the solution.
if democracy is just free elections, it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected, the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory.
we have seen it already in algeria and, to a certain extent, in turkey.
it will happen again, if the ground is not prepared very carefully.
i have no doubt that the civilized world will prevail.
but the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape of this war, the more costly and painful the victory will be.
a key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the texas veterinary medical diagnostic lab in 1980.
he had been captured the previous month in rawalpindi, pakistan.
on august 9, 2004, it was announced that in the spring of 2001, a man named el-shukrijumah, also known as jafar the pilot, who was part of a "second wave," had been casing new york city helicopters.
it's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the fbi's (former) theory about a lone, american scientist.
others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners directed to targets on the west coast.
zacarias moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable, has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants "anthrax for jew sympathizer only."
it was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that jafar the pilot studied tourist helicopters in the nyc area.
"what we know is that he's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies," former cia obl unit counter terrorism chief michael scheuer has said.
the wall street journal reported that a computer used by zawahiri contains a june 1999 memo that "said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions, which it said were 'more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists, which will greatly benefit us in the first stage, god willing.' ''
a key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the texas veterinary medical diagnostic lab in 1980.
he urged the president that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise.
at one time, some thought he had been spotted in iran.
wherever he is, authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or atef recruited.
the same week, the wtc head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes, they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received.
al qaeda has had anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized form, since at least 1997, when it was purchased by bin laden through the moro islamic liberation front ("moro front" or "milf").
another senior al qaeda member (a shura or policy-making council member no less) was working for the egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession.
even zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that bin laden and zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior al qaeda leaders faced.
significantly, the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago (now retired), upon being contacted, does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to ft. detrick.
in fall 2004, msnbc, relying on an unnamed fbi spokesperson, reports that the fbi has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but cannot rule out that it was made overseas.
it is far simpler, however, to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab.
the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the "bomb iraq" crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes.
although the details of the documents on mohammed's computer may (or may not) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal, they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings.
zacarias moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested, stayed at sufaat's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in malaysia.
yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $35,000.
as of march 28, 2003, he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted "pre-arrest bail."
yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son ahmed abdul qadoos, who receives a stipend from the un for being officially low-iq due to lead poisoning.
it was khalid mohammed who told authorities about aafia siddiqui, who has a phd from brandeis in neurology.
the pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in karachi after being spotted at the airport in late march or early april 2003.
while it's not easy to separate fact from fiction, attorney general ashcroft and director mueller have publicly confirmed aafia is still being sought.
they would know.
the reports say she is suspected of having been a member of al qaeda's "chemical wire group."
he is said by one fbi agent to be "very, very, very" dangerous.
he allegedly was at one or more meetings in the summer of 2001 in pakistan at which ksm and sufaat were present.
he may have been seen in hamilton, canada -- along with egyptian al-maati, who apparently also has received pilot training.
it has long been known osama bin laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents (since the testimony of millennium bomber ahmed ressam).
it is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in afghanistan.
he has said that the iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax.
according to a post she made on the internet, aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan.
in late september 2001, it was announced that the president was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists.
at the height of the development of his biological weapons program, his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the "albanian returnees" case (now he faces retrial).
it's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations, debt forgiveness, and loan guarantees to countries like egypt and israel and now even pakistan.
zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of anwar sadat in egypt because of the camp david accord and the resulting peace treaty between egypt and israel.
most of the "talking heads" on television, however, knew only that daschle and leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of al qaeda beyond what they read in the us newspapers.
they were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, sheik abdel rahman.
the former leader of the egyptian al-gamaa al-islamiya ("islamic group"), he was also a spiritual leader of al qaeda.
he reportedly treated them like sons.
just because al qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive.
it was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise "in the hearts of green birds."
in the very interview in which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes, the masterminds admitted to the jenny code, the code for representing the date 9/11, and used the symbolism of the "green birds."
the sender probably is announcing that he is of either egyptian islamic jihad, egyptian islamic group or jihad-al qaeda, which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the egyptian islamic jihad and al qaeda.
at the darunta complex where jihadis trained, recruits would wear green uniforms, except for friday when they were washed.
in a hadith the messenger of allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the paradise.
what mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet?
we are, after all, in this together.
first, the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second-guess (or even know) what the fbi is doing.
third, with the "new age" efrem zimbalist, jr. in charge of the investigation, it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security.
given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion, it is only fair that the fbi leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that dr. hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case.
andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets (august board meeting) one more time before i forward it to you.
he will make sure that we do not request fx and inflation (cpi,ppi, etc.) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed.
typically, we receive both fx and inflation from you, but both curves may not always be used.
i hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests.
for now, this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the fx and/or inflation curves.
i will send the specifics per andre later today.
puerto rico cpi only (i need historical inflation data, as well)
brazil we have current data already
china we have current data already
i am not certain about the needs for the london underwriting/iv group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already.
please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the august board meeting.
i have to decline the invitation with regrets.
i have too many commitments right now.
just a quick message to follow up on the email that i sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, risk 2001 australia, which is taking place in sydney on 20 & 21 august 2001.
have you had an opportunity to consider the invitation yet?
we are aiming to have the programme printed next week, so i would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year's congress.
i am working from our hong kong office for this week only (tel: +852 2545 2710), and i can be contacted by phone there or by email.
will you drive on that day?
as i mentioned in my voice mail, mike roberts going to hire sara woody, a recent mba grad from rice, into his group.
however, when we were talking about this position, mike compared sara to elena.
elena's title is admin coordinator, and i know that sara should not have this title, and honestly do not think that elena should also.
i suggest that you compare elena and sarah's duties/ level to other sr. spec. in your group such as kenneth parkhill and sevil to determine if they are equivalent, or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad.
if the latter is the case, we could place both sara and elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33-66k).
i appreciate all your help.
martin's box is working wonderfully- i'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by friday.
we save $21,000 in real money this way, the cash refund sun is giving enron for our other server, using a box that wasn't being used by anyone.
i'm happy about this.
i would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that i don't have access to now.
most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund, telling me to invest in home depot, sun, and coke, or trying to pass off their banks' biased research reports as something valuable.
if you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds, or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the s@p, i'd listen.
we'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options.
at some point, i'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close?
however, with my natural long, i'm not looking to really trade around the position.
i believe ene will continue to be range bound, but in case it is not, i don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium.
i have price targets of where i would like to lighten up exposure to ene and will use calls to implement the stategy.
i would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure i have of unexercised vested options.
i was looking at the recent pullback in ene and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold.
of course, you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce.
i'm not sure that ene @ 75 is the place, but maybe @ 73.
call me if you're interested.
he just rescheduled to wednesday.
are you going to the nymex candidate cocktail hour tuesday?
are you going to the nymex candidate cocktail hour tuesday?
i completely agree.
i would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything.
my only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.
what do you guys think.
i will have to move my weekly meeting to tuesday.
i completely agree.
i would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything.
my only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task.
what do you guys think.
did you happen to sign your employment agreement?
if you would, please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening, if possible.
i'm at xif you have any questions.
i understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality is if we lose dean (which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k), we will end up hiring a replacement at 75-80k.
i know it seems like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now.
i would like to get this done asap.
i am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on mark dean laurent.
business case: if we offered dean 55k or 60k it would still constitute a over a $10,000 increase (approximately 25%) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level.
it would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted.
secondly, he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. paul thomas, jason choate, todd decook and peter makkai.
let me know your thoughts....then i will run it by oxley.
are we going to attend?
it will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion.
it will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives to ferc's traditional pricing methods.
the conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system.
i need to check something in 969's 2000 tax return.
i think that this is for you since i don't know any of these people.
how do you feel about taking on another company?
do you concur?
if you have not already made these decisions, essie's guidance should be helpful.
can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
if possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5?
i have a few entities that may need to change groups or be assigned to a group.
i think this entity should stay with 83n.
so i suggest it be assigned to leon.
it should be 4 - easy.
i think this could go to either holding/administrative companies (same as 17h) or network & services (leon).
it should be assigned to north america (glen walloch and kevin walker).
let me know if you have any questions.
i see that it is a 4, so that will be no problem.
how do you feel about taking on another company?
do you concur?
if you have not already made these decisions, essie's guidance should be helpful.
can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization?
if possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5?
i was originally inquiring about purchasing a cross or signac impressionist lithograph.
i found them and purchased both from a gallery in london, william weston.
they should be delivered this week.
they are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection.
by the way the lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent.
i have also purchased an appel in the last month.
i am interested in several artists.
i will be looking for one or more of the following.
my concept is that overtime i would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when i find something that we really like.
i listed all of our (sometimes mine vs. my wife's favorites and priorities).
they are kind of in rank order but as i stated if i find the piece that i like we will purchase it.
i want signed and numbered.
i realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision.
i also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive.
for example, i would like to know if rothko or kline did any work on paper.
at least that is what i am thinking now.
i don't know that he did any)
by the way, i am interested in re-looking at a picasso (although we have 2) that your gallery had a couple of years ago.
it was for sale in a couple of galleries in sf and was about $20,000.
also i am still thinking about the matisse we discussed before but as you can see, i have a lot of other artists i am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one.
we'll find time when things settle down.
i see that we are scheduled to have lunch today.
i may have to postpone again, i'll let you know later this morning.
i am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the analyst presentation in by sunday night so i may be working over lunch.
actually, i think we are in pretty good shape so i will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if i have to cancel.
ps your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games (when i found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in shreveport (i can't remember the name of it)) i realized he is a very, very sick college football fan.
please leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think necessary.
i haven't even changed the wording after i first put it down.
mark, i thought you would enjoy the comment about you.
i see that we are scheduled to have lunch today.
i may have to postpone again, i'll let you know later this morning.
i am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the analyst presentation in by sunday night so i may be working over lunch.
actually, i think we are in pretty good shape so i will probably be doing lunch but just don't be too mad if i have to cancel.
ps your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games (when i found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in shreveport (i can't remember the name of it)) i realized he is a very, very sick college football fan.
i will put this on our calendars.
too bad you won't make the compaq thing, but maybe next year.
i can recommend some good restaurants since i took ric there last year for his birthday.
we stayed at the menger and had a great time.
i'll be in around1000
most fridays i'm going to try to pick michael up since i'm away so much, which means leaving by 445 or so.
october 19/20, neil is out of town, so i have to pick michael up from school (leave at 430)
neil has a meeting in san antonio (usually it is in miami, san francisco, phoenix - not so great this year).
it is the officer's meeting for enterprise, and spouses are invited.
this means we won't be in town for the compaq thing.
i'm watching for some good vacation days, also...
i have a couple of questions so i can wrap up the loi:
we refer to licensed fuel cell energy equipment.
do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
do we want to attach a draft of the development agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
i have a concern that the enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
do we expect to have one epc contract, or several?
i'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).
if anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.
i see we expect to have separate contracts for each project.
i have a couple of questions so i can wrap up the loi:
we refer to licensed fuel cell energy equipment.
do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?
do we want to attach a draft of the development agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the draft?
i have a concern that the enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one.
do we expect to have one epc contract, or several?
i'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in bart's files (haven't checked closely yet).
if anyone has it handy, it could speed things up for me.
are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual epc contracts are signed?
1. the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer (i.e., onsi would be a lot more money).
hence, i think that we have to reference the manufacturer.
in order to mark any 2000 income, we will need to get crra to execute the development agreement in 2000.
in my opinion, we should show crra a copy of the loi with the assumption that the development agreement is attached.
i would actually send them the draft development agreement a couple days after the loi.
based on how crra reacts, i would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the loi.
3. i expect at least one epc contract per project.
we don't want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project.
what are we going to get her?
i hear you are coming our way soon.
your mama is so fat: when she hauls ass she has to make two trips.
when she dances she makes the band skip.
when she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live.
she puts mayonnaise on aspirin. (<- clearly the winner)
when she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts.
she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
yo mama`s so fat, all the restaurants in town have signs that say: "maximum occupancy: 240 patrons or yo mama" yo mama`s so fat, when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton.
yo mama`s so fat, instead of levis 501 jeans, she wears levi`s 1002`s.
yo mama`s so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
yo mama`s so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
yo mama`s so fat, she`s got smaller fat women orbiting around her.
yo mama`s so fat, she could sell shade.
you will have to wait and see :-)
i told him i told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say.
he said they are looking for people and based on what i told him an interview was a formality.
is that microwave that you gave dan really expensive?
all the guys at work are saying i shouldn't bother having it fixed i should just buy a new one.
i won't forget about the $.
do i need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that?
don't take that deal out until i look at it.
he will be in calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then.
you should reply asap.
i didn't get a chance to talk to paul today.
will you please run a june nx3/nx1 for our book.
i am in the office so give me a call.
hopefully he didn't spel anyting incorrectly.
i think he would be a good fit.
i haven't had a chance to send it yet.
paul is out of the office today so i haven't had a chance to talk to him.
i'll send it as soon as you resond wether i should or not.
are you guys still looking for an analyst?
should i send the resume to dawn or you directly?
we should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can.
i will be able to attend.
off and on ( with jackie gentle's help ) i have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page summary ).
we are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for john which will introduce this for inclusion within globalflash ( the enron europe newsletter )
have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?
meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in january -- national charity league senior presentation (big dance that she and i are committed to help with), the bearkadette ball and a winter party for cotillion.
i believe that these are three weekends in a row, january 6, 13 and 20th.
so the last weekend in january would work well (and i will need a rest from formal affairs!).
and do you want to do it on a saturday or sunday?
saturday probably works better for me, just so that i am back in houston and doing laundry by sunday afternoon!!
she said a shower would be grand.
she has some big presentation mid-january.
should we set a date now?
am i turning into mother?
i think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards, but i wonder about the most appropriate timing, enough of a global message and the means of delivery.
on the means of delivery, i am not sure from your note whether or not i fully understand the intent.
with regard to a global message, i think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature, applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities.
with these operating standards implemented worldwide, we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide.
i am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across.
the last i knew after you and brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated (shona took this to do after brent's return to houston) for comments to all business controllers.
i don't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards.
my commitment to rick causey is that i will have that global report in production by the end of the year.
shona has commissioned mike moscoso to work on this, and i believe that mike has already been working with james new.
so i question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against.
would a more appropriate time be after the global operations controller meeting in october when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and (hopefully) our first draft of a meaningful exception report?
since you asked for input, i hope that you don't mind that i gave you some.
we have been able to keep ena's direct group expenses flat year on year, we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well.
do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal?
scott miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is.
i apologize if i offended anyone.
please let them know that i was simply quoting the ceo of a large, regulated utility in california.
does she have any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
i remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach.
given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on monday, but will let the good senator know that, in general, we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help california find a solution that works for everybody.
can we get some help on the ibm issues?
at this point, our it contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the tibco and terminal server problems.
weblogic is required by backweb, although it is designed by a separate company.
messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain, nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator.
another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time, meaning users cannot retrieve them and read them later (as they can with e-mail).
this means that i could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the time i returned.
the plain fact is that a few members of it are pushing this initiative, but they lack commercial sponsorship.
they are hoping corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company-wide.
please let us know if you have additional questions.
do we have a sense for how many we can reach, how many we can't and where they are?
are whole offices (eg tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices?
erin rice and i would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning backweb before we proceed.
as you can see from the design document, they are pretty significant.
if you have any questions, please call 503/464-7927.
it's on tonight
it's did you watch your girl on tv last night?
the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this?
did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @2.975?
they are invoicing for this and i don't have an invoice for it.
can you give me the sitara deal #?
i was issued a new corporate american express card.
if you need any more info, please advise.
otherwise, i will assume you will book the two tickets.
actually-upon second look the deal number is 814014-why can't you see this?
did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @2.975?
they are invoicing for this and i don't have an invoice for it.
can you give me the sitara deal #?
jane, on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary?
hope you and your family survived ok.
the only difference we had was for package v02.
jane, on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary?
hope you and your family survived ok.
the only difference we had was for package v02.
i talked with markat sw gas-just honro his numbers
nancy, can you please reconfirm with mark the price for the gas at bondad?
jane, on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary?
hope you and your family survived ok.
the only difference we had was for package v02.
if you have any questions or comments, please advise.
i have not had the patience to get it working-i will callyou some evening and we can walk thru it.
when are we going to get netmeeting going ?
did she ever go to a real doctor?
yesshe is having physical theraphy 3 times a week.
she said it is getting better.
i haven't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her.
i will probably be calling you next week-the desk wants me to become more involved in regulatory updates so i will seek your assistance with this matter.
jared just told me you have a bunch of stuff on your plate and i think you are about to get much busier too.
if no one objects, i will be the lead coordinator on florida starting tomorrow.
yes maam, she's ubs now.
she was just down here too.
i didn't remember if your email mentioned judy.
did she make it?
this email and any files transmitted with it from the elpaso corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed.
if you have received this email in error please notify the sender.
if no one objects, i will be the lead coordinator on florida starting tomorrow.
ok, i never get to talk to ruth because she is always on the phone.
and i bet she's on the phone with shemin too!!!
should we all get together and make a conference call to dominion like we did before or should i just call jeff davis myself?
i'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ena tabs agreement.
also, it will be much easier for you guys to monitor because most of the deals will be monthly.
i won't find out until monday.
you review and approve it, keep it on your desk, and i will come over and make the change at your desk on monday.
then i'll take it to ed for his approval.
by the way, cullen and dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to melanie gray.
this document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark-up you faxed to toni donohue here a few hours ago.
i also deleted "subject to recall" based on our discussion, assuming you get approval for that revision.
you informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney.
also, as i mentioned to you, we have faxed your mark-up to melanie gray at weil gotschal in houston to keep her informed.
(her voice mail says she's out of the office until monday.)
if you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete all copies.
she noted then that women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands.
she returned to kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives.
can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles?"
they also made one other change, they are taking out the "subject to recall" language at the bottom of page 2 under item #1.
they will be sending the revised document to me.
i will deliver it to you for your approval.
maybe we can go drinking too.
i'll be at your house around 10:30 or 11 tonight.
you really do not have to go.
i know you have a lot going on with you and the little woman.
i can handle the tractor.
love to have you along for the company, but it is not necessary.
you have a lot on you plate, dad.
i do feel guilty about you doing all this work.
so i'm going with you, i pay for the gas and the twinkies.
we recently asked you to create an espeak "wish list" for us.
in all, we received requests for 61persons outside of enron to host an espeak event.
we thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting, so we've provided a sampling of the suggestions below.
while we can't make any promises, we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests.
if you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers, please let us know at ethink@enron.com.
i will see you in the lobby at 7am.
we can meet at hyatt regency downtown (smith street).
can we get together friday morning july 7 at 800 am at your office?
i will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane.
that will ensure that i wont take up too much of your time!!
i'll initiate the call.
i shall spend an entire day at prc (performance review) on friday, july 7.
can we do on another day
i'll still be here in boston so we'd do it over the phone.
will you be in houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone?
july 12, 2:30 it is.
i would like the pre-meeting site cruise.
how can we arrange it?
we're all set for 2:30 on july 12.
i shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com.
i shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me.
good to hear from you and i'm glad you're available.
i was unable to say much about it in my risk electricity hedging and trading report because of deadline pressures.
if we have time next week, i could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com.
i'm very proud of what we've done.
i can't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password.
it's a very ambitious site -- with state-of-the-art wsi weather (seasonal, 6-10, and day to day) driving a good load model for pjm and nepool.
i shall be available on both days.
it will be nice to see you again.
p.s. by the way, did you have a chance to take a look at the eol?
what do you think?
if possible, i think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz.
we would still operate under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex for this biz.
we would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in schedule b of the poa agreement.
let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable.
we too, are open to suggestion as the global and enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us.
i am going to find out how much line we currently have available... you probably already have this.
we should allocate a piece to global which would solve the problem of other cargill people using the line, putting us over the limit, without me knowing...
we could change the language of the poa to this...
we will not go over global's piece of the cargill line...
i think this would solve our main concern...
please let me know... we are eager to keep trading with global and yourselves...
let me know if we need to discuss anything.
i am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies.
we look forward to your response.
i don't know anything about these transactions.
"other provisions: on each payment date, [ena] shall pay [a fee of] [an amount equal to] usd{38,000?], which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [master agreement - how do you refer to the agreement?]"
i look forward to hearing from you.
i didn't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand.
hope you enjoyed your weekend in houston.
we need to change the prod description fro the lme product.
please let me know your approval before we make any changes.
i need to have a form filled out that says i don't have health insurance coverage through enron.
can you find out who i need to send it to in hr?
they will be there by noon on the 20th, and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into icu.
they are hoping he'll only be in the hospital 48 hours.
i have a change in plans next week.
my dad is having surgery in ft. worth, so i will be heading that way on monday.
i was planning to be on vacation anyway, but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise.
i will manage client expectations accordingly.
i hope you don't change your mind about going to the wedding sunday.
i plan on taking michael to the new star wars exhibit at the museum of fine arts.
they showed some kids on tv, and they were quite taken with it.
if you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited.
if you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system.
i have a change in plans next week.
my dad is having surgery in ft. worth, so i will be heading that way on monday.
i was planning to be on vacation anyway, but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise.
i will manage client expectations accordingly.
i'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal.
if you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696.
yes, but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain.
i hope your dad's surgery goes well!
is this related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?)?
i have a change in plans next week.
my dad is having surgery in ft. worth, so i will be heading that way on monday.
i was planning to be on vacation anyway, but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise.
i will manage client expectations accordingly.
i received a report from hr and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees.
the ones that i made changes to are in red.
i formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet.
please use this new file as opposed to the one i sent earlier.
it is imperative that all of the information on the attached file is accurate, including titles, as this information is being given directly to john lavorato and louise kitchen.
i finally got it to blackline correctly.
here it is.
if you have any problems or questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696.
i'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet, showing revisions from your original version.
we look forward to seeing you soon.
i do not think the prior e-mail got through to kay.
we have had no contact with the ena/enron mexico commercial or legal people and i don't want to bust any structuring goals.
i now understand that someone at ena/enron mexico/enron wholesale has signed an epc contract with abb for this project.
i am not in the office today, so please include renee alfaro on your response.
i enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad.
it sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly.
as i watched my mother and father's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die, it is a very defining time in our lives.
but we can be very thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to have been raised in such loving homes.
he is joining an excellent company.
as we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can.
they're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from buenos aires to miami, florida.
it was born to our son david and his wife courtney.
it was a 7 lb., 10 oz., 20 inch little boy.
so we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days.
they are a great deal of fun.
we are doing quite well.
i am looking forward to seeing ginger "rees" copeland when she comes to houston.
i hope you have a great summer.
unfortunately, do to mr. lay's schedule he will not be able to participate.
just to let you know that it looks like one day will work.
i want to check with mr. lay before confirming.
as you know, our next meeting is on wednesday, july 12 from 3:00-5:30 p.m.
in the next week or so, we'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues, and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it.
meanwhile, arthur levitt has agreed to meet with us in september to brainstorm on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them.
there are three possible dates for the meeting, which i suggest be in two parts -- first, a meeting among the panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m., and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 6:30-8:30 p.m.
could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you:
ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have.
please let me know when he can expect to receive it.
here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market, i will follow up with the consumer models.
unfortunately, mr. lay will be in san jose, ca participating in a conference, where he is a speaker, on june 14.
recently charles miller and david dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on wed. 6/14 at 5:00 pm to be held at the houston petroleum club.
i hope that you will be able to attend that event.
under the leadership of governor bush and others we have made real progress in education in texas over the past decade.?
now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system.
i would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th.
this is o.k. for ken lay, but we are changing to a more uniform address, so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com.
by return email, please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use.
if you are not the intended recipient, you must not read, use or disseminate the information.
let me know if you have any interest in the tco-pool leach swap for the winter.
i'll take tco pool at index and sale leach or pool at index - $.04.
i can't remember if you guys could do it or not.
could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing?
actually it is not a new truck.
oh, it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with flow masters to accent the sound.
i believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well.
i gave $16,900 + tax.
it is very clean and is sandalwood, driftwood or something of that nature in color.
i have to pick up old gray over at jerry's.
debbie said, it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck.
i said yep, had that truck longer than i have had most of my women.
i really need to engage brain before articulating!
i am doing dirt work and hope to plant st augustine grass by friday before rain.
needs to go to $41 and then i will be happy.
i spoke with gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around dad's place.
we need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate.
i may want to put some steers or heifers up there.
i am going up soon and having the tractor fixed.
reggie said he will pay us soon.
he also still wants the tractor if we can hold on to it.
we're set for 11/01/01.
it was sure beautiful coming up last night.
we used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the space shuttle.
she still has some sort of scholarship but i am not for sure how much it pays.
she is going to be a kinesiologist, sports injury therapist.
i think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs.
she will be 20 on 11/03.
i am really proud of her.
you should e mail her sometimes.
i am sure she would like to hear from you.
you should have listened to maw, as long as you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped, you will be alright.
i am half way through the first and you can borrow it when i am through.
i sure like his style of writing.
i understand you have a brand new truck.
i need 2 things from you.
1. i found the title to the 4 wheeler and i was going to change it over to you name.
what do you think?
if that's ok, how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should i use?
2. i'm getting ready to divy up the dow stock.
how many of dad's shares do you have?
last thing, send me a million dollars, i'm tired of working.
i thought we only had cashout, at most 3 times, before this june.
i can't remember.
i do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in july and august of this year.
i say we just keep the dough and go to mexico.
would you please ck the oglethorpe deal from july 2000 - dec 2000?
i believe that doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced.
i can't get through on the phones.
i'm checking my emails.
i assume you have your anwser and don't need me.
i sent this to mary last week.
she may be out because in the past she always responds pretty quick.
i need the prices below.
can you help out?
i need your help again.
i need prices for may, june, and july.
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge)?
i know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
let me know what you think.
i'm still at home.
i'll be in tomorrow.
i have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.
otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have laura sign and i'll initial later.
which do you prefer?
are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
i know that jeff is in portland.
if jeff is happy, i'm happy.
i spoke with jeff hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from peoples regarding audit rights.
however, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect enron's interests.
therefore, i need to know asap if there are any problems with the draft as written.
otherwise, i will be sending it to peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge)?
i know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
let me know what you think.
it is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it.
i can print it here, initial it, and fax it to whomever you want.
plus, i work with janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it.
she is very conscientious about what she signs, and who initials what.
where and to whom do you want it faxed?
since it will be janet signing, it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first.
let me know which is easier and we can coordinate.
i'm still at home.
i'll be in tomorrow.
i have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer.
otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have laura sign and i'll initial later.
which do you prefer?
are you in the office to initial signature pages today?
i know that jeff is in portland.
if jeff is happy, i'm happy.
i spoke with jeff hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from peoples regarding audit rights.
however, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect enron's interests.
therefore, i need to know asap if there are any problems with the draft as written.
otherwise, i will be sending it to peoples as our final revision by mid morning.
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge)?
i know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have.
let me know what you think.
i'm working on it now.
maybe we (enron) could review it tomorrow morning, then send it to fce.
i can meet around 10:00.
that way, we can get it to them in time for weekend review.
it was good to hear from you!
we had a nice thanksgiving here too.
it's funny, because usually it's just me, mom, craig and danelia, and danelia doesn't really like roasted turkey or roast beef (not that she would say it to me!), so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise.
it was good having the girls down.
it's not for the meek.
it was incredible what a good player alena was.
she had her cards memorized as well as everyone elses (when you play you'll see why you can know everyone elses hands!).
i expect craig didn't want mom to see his place because it was messy.
i think compared to my house, he's embarrased about his apartment.
then, also, he's got so much stuff in there right now, that i don't know how he's going to fit baby stuff.
they would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they don't want 3 people in that small apartment.
so he's going to have to start looking for another place.
and his apartment is so run down down i'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby.
i guess mom is going to come back down sometime in march or april to see the new baby.
you'll have to come visit to check out my new house.
it's got its own bathroom and tv, and is pretty cozy.
as far as the call with uncle ben goes, if he was thrilled to hear from me i couldn't tell by his voice.
it was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us.
but, i guess, it's a start...
i've already made my xmas plans.
i leave the evening of the 21st, my flight comes in about 10 pm, and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am.
it's good chatting with you.
i don't understand, what do you mean by "log in an email"?
anyway, i got you message, and i got the world series thing (although i had already received
chris and ben did a marvelous job for thanksgiving, i can testify that it was one of the best thanksgiv8ing dinners i've ever had (i not gonna tell them that, i don't want them getting swell heads).
ma said she had a great time in houston, she was happy to see yourself, as well as c & d.
i think she likes her special room in your house.
your gonna be the first to see the new baby (woudn't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on jan 5th?)
are you coming for xmas?
hey, mr. computer, you can't log an email in to your sister?!
you can take my assistant taffy milligan off these emails again.
if so, i'll get it signed by craig breslau today, then bring it to you for countersignature.
i'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority...
no, it does not mean that.
our concern is that we don't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component.
if you do add all the entities, does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for eccl?
with respect to deutsche bank (""db"), we have one credit issue remaining, db would like us to add all the enron trading entities db trades with as specified entities under the isda master agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the isda agreement.
with respect to first union national bank, the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review.
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the isda with the following counterparties and confirm which enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of.
i spoke to mark taylor about your signing authority, and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own, but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we're ok.
the referenced tagg # was entered as a 'new counterparty', can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure.
sorry i haven't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated.
i am indeed checking on flights to seoul and don't think i'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents.
as much fun as they are, i figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them.
as for ted, things are still going well although i haven't see him at all this week (we are two very busy people).
in one sense it's great, but it also makes things a lot harder to read.
anyway, i'm sure my mom told you guys but travis and kathy got to meet him and i think it went well.
hopefully, if we're still dating come december, you and chuck can meet him when you come back to visit.
i'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the u.t. games, i just have to find out when he wants to go (as well as properly prepare him for the scott/kelley/parks/wild card gang and the full-day affair that is a u.t. game).
i went with emily and her mom last night to see the musical "rent" and it was wonderful.
also, i'm going out to san diego for the labor day weekend to visit hoot's daughter julie.
how are you doing?
a little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for seoul.
are you really?
would you come with your parents or separately?
in any case, we have had some more time to do some exploring (and shopping), so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come.
i think that we will stay in korea when your parents come and do the whole base thing (which will take only a few minutes, actually), but are considering going to china or somewhere during part of thanksgiving.
we'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming!
do you yahoo!?
the play was very good and i think well received.
i'd forgotten how blown away i was by some of the songs the first time i saw it in ny.
the cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( i think this could be your true calling).
anyway, i'm sure i'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl.
as a result of that, she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing trivial pursuit or watching jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me (the girl actually did her senior thesis on trivia).
kori told me she saw you last night at steak night and introduced herself since i failed to do so the last time we went.
i should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you didn't spell her name right in the email - i mean it's such a common spelling.
so was darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a good match?
she's a very fun girl.
-- due to the lack of response yesterday, i'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test...
i'm going to assume that you didn't get around to it.
i ran into corey last night at lws and i am thinking this is a girl for darren.
i'll talk to you later.
maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote i sent earlier...
i think you may be adhering to it too faithfully.
at this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things.
however, having driven with you on several occasions i feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors.
keep in mind though that if you end up failing i will not let you forget it (and, as we have established, i have the memory of an elephant).
i'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32.
thought you'd like to know that the dixie chicks are coming back to houston dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the compaq center...it's all about you and your needs.
i just found out that i need to take the tx drivers exam both written and on the rode.
this is a two day process and all because i let my ca license expire.
i know i need some of your organizational skills.
as we discussed, the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue:
please call if you want to discuss.
if you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately.
the least we can do is pass this news along.
is there anyone else we should tell?
fyi... it sound like bobby is in serious condition.
i think they'll send us another update once he's out of emergency and into a room.?
then it's real easy to call ben taub to find out a room number.? the address is below.?
it doesn't sound like he can receive visitors yet.
do you know the address to send cards??
do you know if bobby can see visitors??
thought you might like to know.
bobby is a member of a bicycle team, while cycling this weekend, he and other members of his team were injured by a truck.?
he is currently in the emergency room at ben taub hospital.?
he cannot accept calls, visits or flowers at this time, since he is in the emergency room.?
i think it's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel (i would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size).
we are thinking of adding a patent pending message to key enrononline pages (like the homepage).
can you offer comments/concerns/guidelines?
does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from buenos aires?
i'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually, i'm sure i don't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me.
we intend to see as many people as possible regarding eol implementation.
we will meet dave forster and his team among others.
we would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or individually.
please let me know about your availability and if it is possible to meet with more than one of you in one place.
they wish to launch on sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-august.
if you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in amsterdam) that i think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets.
i don't know where this stands officially (i haven't heard any developments since amsterdam) but i can find out from bob pickle if you want.
we should include isda energy definitions, cftc matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in north america.
i might also add a few items about international developments and the eei physical power trading form.
i am thinking 4 slides at the most.
is that what you want?
days away: sept. 21 through oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return)
i believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the mark taylor at ei (based in london).
unfortunately, i can't forward your message to him directly (there seems to be a problem with the attachment).
if you still have it, can you send it to him at "mark ei.london taylor"?
i will take care of it.
please send the draft to troy black and he will forward to the cp.
i looked at the uecomm master and had some comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should be us $ and not aud, and there were a few other questions i had.
could you please send an executable version of the contract to fred, david, john and me tomorrow?
if they're ok with it, we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections.
i have inserted the company details of uecomm as requested.
i have also amended the timeframes in the credit support annex to 10 days instead of 2 days.
if these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution.
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call.
please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
we've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "babies elliott" had arrived.
glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that mom is doing well.
i know you all are going to have so much fun with them.
hope you've been storing up sleep, cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while.
these three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice dad, but i'm sure they'll find out soon.
although small, they are all "fully functioning" and very well - they are in the lowest level of special care (and they will probably be in there for another two to four weeks) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights.
attached are the fax cover pages for each of the nylon and polykron deemed isdas i just sent you.
i am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts.
i have attempted to revise them to make them clearer.
perhaps jim armogida can assist in revising them as i am sure he is more familiar with the way enron corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are.
let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
i am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for pemex that you provided to lucy ortiz.
we look forward to hearing your comments.
i received this draft from niagara mohawk marketing, inc. for our review.
will you pass along to the appropriate person?
i am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $10m for each party, but to effect that we will have to modify the existing guaranties accordingly.
after you have had the chance to review the attached, please send me a marked-up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there.
should you have any questions, feel free to call me.
i can be reached at 315-460-3344.
i look forward to hearing from you.
did you get a chance to find those gtc's for ena that you can forward this way?
thanks, i know you are busy.
i am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as i send this message.
let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right, if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
does this mean that for june and for a certain portion of july we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
if this is the case i would like someone to walk me through june to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on june 29 that was not adjusted for.
let me know if one of you could help me do this.
i'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
i believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for puts that 's causing this whole issue.
i'll keep you posted.
i'll get back to you as soon as i have more info (hopefully later today)
the post id i am looking at for calgary is 11608.
i am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money.
i don't want to wait till month end, let's adjust the numbers now and for the june 29 2nd order, lets take that value into june since it relates to july puts.
i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right, if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made.
does this mean that for june and for a certain portion of july we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume everything will work out at month end)?
if this is the case i would like someone to walk me through june to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on june 29 that was not adjusted for.
i'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems.
i believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for puts that 's causing this whole issue.
i'll keep you posted.
i'll get back to you as soon as i have more info (hopefully later today)
the post id i am looking at for calgary is 11608.
i am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are in the money and the $75 call is also in the money.
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment, i can meet with you individually later some time
ok, now that i've got your attention - i really am offering free lunch!
i would like to informally get together with you on wednesday, july 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm (max) to talk about your recruiting experience with enron canada.
we're gearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process.
for those of you in toronto, i apologize for not being able to schedule this over your lunch time!
however, if you can wait til 2:00pm to eat, go ahead and grab something and expense it!
we'll hook you guys in by videoconference.
i've booked videoconference room # 1.
please let me know whether or not you can attend so i can order enough food.
lets try before fri, as i am planning to take that day off
i propose we have a conference call with bob fagan on fri july 20 at 1:00 pm calgary time to discuss any areas of concern/confusion you may have.
attached is the letter i originally sent to you on may 10 in this regard.
this draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day.
i've also included a redlined draft showing changes.
with reference to article 5, section 5.1 (b), are we going to propose an alternative planned outage to tau for next year?
we will be targeting to raise at least $100,000 so company contributions will range from $10,000-$20,000 per person ($10k minimum per person) depending on the number of respondents.
we have already received firm commitments from 3 companies.
if you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible.
we need responses or direction by no later than cob on monday, october 30, 2000.
i'll believe it when i see it.
i'm glad they want to follow-up with steve (i've been pushing it) and i've got some follow-up as well based on chats i had in the afternoon on friday with folks post-call.
i'll be in portland but can call you.
fyi, we had an instructive rest of the conference call on friday with sue and robbie et al.
they indicated they could use steve's help face to face at some point.
we are following up with sue and robbie on a couple legal issues, case law and msa self-certification language, and let me know if you have additional items.
we await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the cpuc.
also, can you confirm the correct names, email addresses, titles for those new folks on friday's call: robbie rossi, michelle, melissa lloyd?
attached for your review are draft talking points for the cal energy markets conference i'm speaking at on thursday in sf.
yes, i would like to participate.
i have asked for 4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in, they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance.
because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically, they have not been included with this note.?
additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and i will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need.
i would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process.?
you have all devoted considerable time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it shows.?
we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators, marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers, utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities, and retail mass marketers, among others.?
while we should be proud of our accomplishment, we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by may 5 deadline.?
assignments have already been made and i will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details.?
attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel i'll be on at a cem conference in sf on thursday afternoon.
have distributed to western ga team (plus steffes) for comment and thought you may have some, too.
as we discussed yesterday, laird and i spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for thursday.
we'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to s.d. last week.
you had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product.
you still considering it?
let us know and we can add it, and make any other changes you'd like to make at this end.
sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 am and it's renewable-focused.
as you know, the suffix online is purely descriptive and now used by many companies.
therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word online as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word online.
given the above, if you have adequate protection for the word enron (which covers the services that you offer on-line as well as your core activities), i'd say that another application for the words enron online is probably unnecessary.
however, if you use a particular logo for the on-line service, that should be registered.
i hope the above is clear.
if you could respond to me on this request, thanks
i'm @ x37047.
i assume this is akin to why mcdonald's trademarks "mc"everything?
can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking?
i.e. are we covered if we proceed a word with "enron"?
if we are covered, then was it necessary to register enrononline?
if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
per my conversation with edmund this morning, we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list: austria, belgium, croatia, czech republic, denmark, poland, portugal, romania, singapore, and slovenia.
for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction (i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches).
yes, we should add compliance with otc derivatives and/or commodity contracts and qualified party requirements of the securities act (alberta), securities act (british columbia) and securities act (ontario).
with regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with, do we not want to add the canadian provinces new "eligible swap participant" equivalant rules?
you are the best!
why does it always have to be my deals...?!!!
we've received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april 3 at 5:00 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan.
it would be nice if shankman and john arnold could attend.
perhaps you can give them a personal invitation...
we have received the amendment to the bc gas isda master executed by bc gas, which adds the canadian securities representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm.
i am going to count it as signed, since bc gas has signed, but we still need it to be signed by ecc.
can you get it signed asap and back to me.
i didn't either until i clicked on the down button and they popped up.
when you have a minute, i'll give me a call and i'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel.
i spoke to edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing on the confirms for credit derivatives, and he said that his current understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of london.
i communicated that to bob bowen.
he also said that london was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the credit derivatives business.
carol, will you handle this or mark?
i'm a gas trader on the west desk and one of my customers had some issues with our electronic trading agreement.
could you take a look at this and give me an update.
torrey, as promised i have attached arco's suggested revisions to the enron online trading agreement.
i look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting.
confirmation desk: you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now.
i just got a call from dave and frank and they tell me i have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade australian financial power.
i'll need to talk to you about his monday.
please contact me if you require any additional information
despite the best efforts of it, continuing problems with the as400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values.
consequently i need to inform you of, and/or require your approval for, the following :
i will discuss with aa the following
we will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l, as a result of data or system valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe.
i will be in touch directly re the items needing approval
full reconciliation of contracts within the obsf to barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to as400 barclays account
i intend to provide weekly updates on the status of the above actions during april
if you have any questions please call me on x34703
i would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application.
i understand how competitive the process has become, but i felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, personality, extracurricular activities, etc. that this would compensate for my disability.
after talking with professors titman, ronn, brown and jemison, i was sure that the school was the right place to get the education i was looking for.
i am still certain that the school is the best place for getting a great graduate-level education, so i want you to know that i am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.
i plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions committee that i can compete at the graduate level.
i also plan on retaking the gmat test.
due to my disability, this will be a monumental task; but i am determined to prove to the committee that i can be successful at the texas graduate school of business.
i would like to come down to austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you.
if you think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
i would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the mba program.
i understand that it is a competitive process, but i felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extracurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability.
after talking with you and professors titman, brown and jemison, i was sure that ut was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance.
i am still sure that ut is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so i want you to know that i am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year.
i plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions office that i can compete at this level.
i also plan on trying to retake the gmat test.
due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but i am determined to prove to the admissions commitee that i can excel with the work at the texas university graduate school of business.
it has been a pleasure meeting you and i hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
also, if you can think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
i would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the mba program.
i understand that it is a competitive process, but i felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extrcurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability.
after talking with you and professors ronn, brown and jemison, i was sure that ut was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance.
i am still sure that ut is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level education, so i want you to know that i am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year.
i plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions office that i can compete at this level.
i also plan on trying to retake the gmat test.
due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but i am determined to prove to the admissions committment that i can do the work at the texas university graduate school of business.
also, i would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an energy-finance private equity fund at ut.
i know that with my industry-wide and investment banking contacts that i can help raise capital for the fund.
i am very interested in energy-finance and think that your idea is a very good.
it has been a pleasure to meet with you and i hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future.
also, if you think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
let me know if you have any questions.
sorry about that, i was working on the teco o&m costs.
please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option.
i want to make sure that i understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked.
will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options?
what power curve are we valuing the deal against - pjm east or west hub?
please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/mwh to value the deal?
what volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two (if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols)?
what expiration date are you using, i.e.: for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month, and for daily options?
what correlation are you assuming, 15% flat for twenty years?
are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option?
are you using the "sprdopt" exotic options function to value the option?
are you using the $/mwh vom dollar amount as your strike?
article 6 of the gallup compression services agreement (which i am sending to you separately) with ecs obligates ecs to "work in good faith with cdec" to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on cdec's system.
we had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ecs would not be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ecs is obligated to "assist [transwestern] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual system.
we will fight with them about who owes the $200k that james mentions below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost.
in the mean time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs.
do we have someone who is watching this out there?
we are running so full tilt on tw that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can do.
james had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement--i guess between ecs and transwestern--that would permit ecs to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from cdec.
that sounds like a bs excuse from ecs, but it that's what they are saying, let me know and we can figure out a solution.
would you please contact gerald nemec and review the gallup compression service contract in respect to the load control management.
my understanding was that ecs was to provide a means to access cdec's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during cdec's peak load periods.
we have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of july through september.
additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year, that i have not been able to review yet.
this cost is averaging $79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in august and september.
good point, but i'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points.
our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates.
i assume from your message you are ok with this and they can get it nailed down?
i just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to.
my concern with adding the language below is, could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point, since we just stated topack and needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate??
after discussions with the commercial group i propose that that redlined language be added to the attached dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we've done.
if there are any objections you need to get back to me asap.
in discussion with dave, we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers.
however, as you will see, the questions i thought of got kinda long- but i think we need answers for all of them.
one thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as i've listed.
here it is.
it incorporates mr. stojic's and mr. kelly's initial comments.
please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before tuesday afternoon (i will be out of the office monday).
lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?
this particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
many people at enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.
lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this?
this particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she has.
many people at enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are so popular.
she forwarded the sommer letter to stan and discussed it with him.
as it stands, mkm and i will probably bring it up with sommer in ok city and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers.
stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with gibson or kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation.
yea--it was outstanding news!
is it someone on your team or someone from cec?
am i scheduled to attend?
following the board meeting on wednesday, you are invited to join with members of the disco forum for a wednesday evening reception and dinner, including a guest speaker.
however, we have reserved a block of rooms at the nearby wyndham hotel.
to reserve one of these rooms, you must inform the wyndham staff that you are part of the caem group.
if you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel, please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels.
we will be making the wyndham rooms available to members of the disco forum on july 20.
if you have any questions or require any assistance at all, please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710.
we are looking forward to seeing you on september 12.
if so, i will handle it.
we are receiving invoices from ace federal reporters for transcripts of the recent ferc settlement conferences.
linda robertson says they should be charged to jim steffes' cost center, etc.
do you want me to send the invoices to you?
i'm in all week.
can we visit about what went on with ursula at the prc meeting when you catch up?
please disregard and destroy the form you received on july 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the pep system prior to that date.
can we have a meeting this week (maybe thursday at 3:30) to discuss this?
we do need a formal plan.
we have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions.
we have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and ercot and seeking resolution.
(even though he has bigger things to do in d.c., this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in texas, the repercussions could be global.)
we have been working with the state affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised.
the hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for wolens to direct to sam and tom.
i will be on a plane to houston at 8:00 a.m.
can we find another time that works for us to meet?
i am available after rick's friday budget meeting...are you available then?
you are right, we do need a formal plan, thane has started an initial draft.
if ercot goes the way of california - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for pat wood.
jean and thane, i think that we need a formal plan on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation.
i would like to discuss this with you on friday am.
i am free at 8am on friday before rick's budget meeting.
you may want to discuss with becky.
as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders.
we envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information.
this would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting.
in the meantime, could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues?
what do i need to do?
i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems.
please, let me know if you interested in introducing peter to executives in your organization.
i shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview.
i enjoyed your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at the siam workshop last friday.
i have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products, mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry.
i am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills.
please consider whether i might fit in your group.
your answer to a question indicated that i have several of the skills you look for.
i will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email.
sorry i guess i didn't read it very well.
it's ok with me.
i will be completing my tour of duty in bolivia in september of this year.
i am talking to a number of people regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in houston office.
thought since i will be in houston, stop by your office for few minutes.
what is the subject matter you wish to visit about?
i will be in houston on may 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible.
i figured this posting belonged to one of you.
i have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department.
i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department.
i have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job.
i have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department.
i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department.
we would like to pursue an offer to rick fehl prior to the next executive committee meeting on may 7, 2001.
you will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume.
this is to advise you that we have available, for your business or personal use, stan's four (4) wnba comets tickets.
please let me know if you are interested in any of these games.
they will be distributed on a business basis first, then personal use.
it will give us some weekend reading!
took me a little longer to review and revise adam's first drafts than i had thought (there's a lot going on here, as you'll see soon).
i expect to send them out to you sometime tomorrow.
since debbie is a client too, i think i'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise.
please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium.
yes, i will attend in person _______
no, i will not attend _______
with divisions, eol does request a new password application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
when the company is set up in the eol database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id.
let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.
it was my understanding with the eol team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
are you the right lawyer to look at this?
we informed tana that we made the change in global counterparty to include, "a division of cargill incorporated".
we will meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in global counterparty.
if sam's description below of the gcp procedure is correct, it looks to me like something needs to be changed.
since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names.
my suggestion is that global counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the enrononline password application -- my understanding is that the enrononline team returns inappropriate applications to the customer until they are correctly completed.
i would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and, if you have any problem with changing the gcp procedure, please let me know.
(although, we have broken that rule for legal in the past.)
with divisions, eol does request a new password application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
when the company is set up in the eol database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id.
let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see.
it was my understanding with the eol team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name.
i'll be in town through sunday morning.
any chance we can get together for dinner saturday eve.?
i'm handling the afternoon -- i think that harry has this morning.
can you cover for me today?
i am in mediation.
do we have 2 sessions today?
if so, you may want to split and cover.
i will take you next one in august.
i got this.
i assume this is 12:30 central time?
what do you think?
please send me an email response about whether you and michelle cash are ok with what he's written.
after that, what do we do?
after a conversation with ryan seleznov i herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to dealbench.
we're formatting one this week, and we'll send it when it's done.
do you also have a ssd we can use?
please let us know if you need anything else.
i agree also, but i don't know all the parties or complications involved.
can you please help with this one?
i agree with what the concern is below.
we have gis ids, and eid (external id - just like gis id).
i think we should try to migrate to one of these.
please let me know what type of statement i should make back to the customer.
i'd like to work with you on a response to this customer.
to whom it may concern:
through tv and newspapers , i hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information.
i have the following suggestion for our company.
i do not feel secure at all to see my ss in so many databases at enron, especially when some databases are from third-parties (out-sourcing).
we could use our badge number there instead of our ss.
upon receipt, i shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate.
in addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation.
shanna, i spoke with per tonight about this.
i have a copy of the document i can give to you tomorrow.
i did not hear back from shanna or sharon butcher.
could you please ask shanna to take this situation to sharon tomorrow?
i am vacation until the 22nd but per is up to speed and i would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any hr / legal activity that may occur.
let me know if you have any questions.
kathy mcmahon suggested that i contact you in an effort to gather information on: enron's affirmative action policy and plans; as well as demographic analysis of workforce (gender, age, ethnic origin, nationality)
hbs will shadow enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period.
please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me.
we understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the lake worth, florida project as well.
our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work.
in that respect, we need to dial in rick johnson and olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team.
i think the first step is a call between yourself, me, mark stubley and mike indivero.
i have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the payne creek site today.
we will need local legal counsel to assist us in this regard.
mike indivero, i understand that mr. mike croall's release date from nepco is oct 31, 2001.
i would like both lynn and i to participate.
i assume we should come over eb.
can you tell us where.
,do you want us to come over to the enron b in your call.
have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries?
i have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (houston time) with antonio felix de araujo cintra from the tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in brazil.
if you would like to participate in person or by conference, please let me know.
i will be in sao paulo from sept 20-22 and buenos aires from sept 23-24.
in brazil, i will be meeting again with tozzini lawyers.
in ba, i'll be meeting with marval lawyers.
let me know if you would like to participate in any way.
if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone.
i am waiting to hear about a possible call friday morning.
if something happens that i'm not able to participate i'll let you know.
please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in.
the draft you received has been approved by dan.
if you would like this executed, please let me know.
if you think any other pertinent information could be included, please feel free to add it.
i e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response.
can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (houston) which is 11 am (sao paulo) on friday, sept. 17?
i will initiate the call.
i am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading.
it's a good starting point.
i am currently working on guidelines for argentina which will address both physical and financial trading.
i am checking on london.
i'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for.
obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the us (although la. is about as close as you can get to a third world country).
let me know how i can help further.
here it is -- we printed this 2-sided and laminated it.
it looks like the 2-day l/c issue is an issue.
i'll call you shortly.
he faxed it to you and will have the original fedexed overnight.
hope you'll have time to review it today.
they do not have anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changes.
joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed (i believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5) and the new l/c wording (drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay).
i know we talked about these issues earlier, but tiger's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing, even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c.
call if you have questions or if i can be of any help.
there is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week.
to what do i owe this small pleasure?
i'm fine in texas, still hanging out with phoebe and chloe, working hard, etc.
where are you living these days?
i've simply lost track!
as for me, well, i lead the simple life, own a little house in west university, own a little car (i had to buy a new one recently - the 14-year old 380 se started scaring me a bit), you know, the usual.
are you selling burgers up and down the east coast?
have you gone international?
this weekend i'm off to sao paulo and buenos aires on business.
do you miss me?
mark elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the london traders.
i am trying to develop similar guidelines for the southern cone regions (first argentina) and thought your expertise would be very helpful.
could you send me a set?
i'm leaving for sao paulo on saturday but i will be in the office tomorrow.
sara, here are the trader guidelines i developed for uk gas, uk power and nordic power.
i assume you need both gas and power.
as these guidelines need to be approved by houston, i am copying this to mark, alan and jeff.
mark elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the london traders.
i am trying to develop similar guidelines for the southern cone regions (first argentina) and thought your expertise would be very helpful.
could you send me a set?
i'm leaving for sao paulo on saturday but i will be in the office tomorrow.
please review the attached memo to verify that i have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in brazil.
i will be in sao paulo on monday, september 20, 1999.
thank you for your patience and i hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays.
we believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops.
we look forward to answering your questions and receiving your feedback.
we would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of word, upon request by individual parties.
we look forward to seeing you on january 10-11.
in the meantime, we extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season.
mike day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
we will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 am cst).
mike day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
we will finalize the message points on tomorrow's daily call (10 am cst).
i'll make the change.
instead of suggesting a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 %, i think we should acknowledge that a "modest" increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings, not just determined by whim.
in general, we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and i know you agree with that.
otherwise, i think you have captured the points excellently.
we're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months.
the price spikes pose real political risks for davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out.
on my panel, loretta lynch asked reliant and duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers.
wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of california's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit.
he also stated that just everyone's just acting in their own self-interest, responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure.
implication--it seems prudent for enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered.
you're right, sue.
currently, i need three interviewers for thursday, march 1st and one interviewer for friday, march 2nd.
as always, thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions.
i'll not say anything.
have you gotten a price?
just like what happened in enron's initial vpp program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects.
they are currently working on a bid (due 1/31) for the medusa project which involves murphy (operator), agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks #538 and #582.
the initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1q 2003.
tom's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis.
it is far too early to expect murphy to enter into a physical or financial contract, but tom hopes to get us first and/or last look from murphy when the time is right.
please address, and i'll check with legal as well.
we typically only book deals when everything is signed off.
following up on our discussion yesterday; for these types of deals, i dont think its necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty's authorization to enter into the agreement.
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims that it was not a valid contract.
in our case, they are only hedging.
we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front.
therefore they will not attempt to make this claim.
even if they did, our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout.
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form?
by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1-way.
i highlight the relevant skills in the summary.
it was posted on dec. 11, but the human resource dept said that if it is still on the internet, it is open.
i'm not sure how i would have handled it.
i couldn't say no...so nicki (the little girl-10 yrs. old) and i waited for the bus.
it was now, 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus.
on top of things, i had quiz at 8am.
i decided that nicki would just have to wait on her own.
i asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts.
a bus that runs through uofh arrived and i almost got on without her, but i couldn't do it.
finally, i told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school (8:30am).
i stayed for the remainder of the lecture.
after class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived.
i told the bus driver where to drop her off.
i notified her grandmother with the time of the departure.
i spoke to her prior to my note.
the analyst and associate programs recognize we have many analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately.
while we anticipate many new analysts joining enron this summer (late may) and fulltime (august) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an off-cycle recruiting event.
we are planning this event for thursday, february 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed.
i am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers (managers or above).
we will conduct first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon.
we need for interviewers to commit either to the morning (9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm) complete session.
in addition, we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these analysts should they be extended an offer.
can you provide me with more details?
4. in section 6.2.1 i'll just note that the discount rate sentence i think is still an open issue.
7. delete the definition of costs as it is already defined in section 6.2.1.
i will also add granting/perfection language.
11. in events of default, clause (a) refers to a dispute section which i'm not sure exists.
12. remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in section 6.1.
i would add setoff language.
i have attempted to incorporate the changes that jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ena has suggested to date into the short form.
please note the following as you review:
1. the short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to t&d and the like from the customer (and reflect same on our invoice) and pass those amounts on to the customer's utility.
2. i did not include a "setoff" provision in this draft, mainly because the vast majority of the time, we will not, nor will an affiliate, have another agreement in place with these customers.
if you feel strongly about our including a setoff provision, we will do so.
3. the change in law provision reads a bit differently from the long form -- the thinking here is that the long form language is very lengthy and rather harsh (and we've had great difficulty selling it in the past).
taking into consideration this class of customer, we decided to include certain items, including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law, rules or practices as a "force majeure event" in an effort to soften the approach (see the gtcs).
also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again, more in the interest of "saving space" than anything else...
let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched.
if you are comfortable, we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms.
p.s. please be sure to copy sarah dietrich and jennifer hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my "hiatus" -- i am moving to pa on friday of this week, and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16.
i will start up again in mid-july...
i have faxed to you the form of bond, our proposed bond provisions and the eei master.
i am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or e-mail.
our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the lc transferable.
are you okay with that?
if so, are we ready to execute?
i understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions.
how are you making out on the revised version of the loc?
in addition to my other comments on the mid market power form, i think you should add a forward contract rep.
are we playing tomorrow at 9:30?
as i mentioned in my e-mail, john lepore at select energy (settlements group) is trying to reconcile our list with his list.
he needs more info about these trades (i.e., price info) and would like to talk with you about it.
once we agree on the list, we can sign the eei master.
we need to include all outstanding transactions.
do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all of may since they have not been settled?
just let me know and i can send you a new attachment.
does attachment a to the select eei master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version?
i think valerie mooney (our credit person) and ed sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the loc format.
i spoke to bob bruce this morning - we're all set on the language in the schedule to the isda, and there is a minor credit/billing issue in paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that val will discuss with ed as well.
as far as the eei goes, the only remaining issue that i'm aware of (aside from finalizing the loc) is whether we've finished coordinating the attachment containing the list of prior transactions.
sounds like we may actually get these documents executed early next week.
i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet.
it is enpower no. 295870.
i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet.
it is enpower no. 295870.
i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet.
it is enpower no. 295870.
we can accept the language with your chnages.
are we ready to execute?
i am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow.
it simply refers to the same icc publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally.
is there some specific concern that we can address?
with respect to the guaranty, i will delete the schedule.
it is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with questar.
you will notice that questar has requested a "payment plan" that details when they will pay transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent enron events.
also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in para 3.2 that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax.
we hope to execute this agreement this week.
if you have any comments, please let me know.
after execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row (also, i think we will have to purchase about 50ft of row from elpaso to get to questar's property).
as you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain elpaso row, we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row.
if you think that may 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent enron events, please let me know.
questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of may 1.
it is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with questar.
you will notice that questar has requested a "payment plan" that details when they will pay transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent enron events.
also, you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up, but to protect ourselves, we have added language in para 3.that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax.
we hope to execute this agreement this week.
if you have any comments, please let me know.
after execution, we will forward a final copy to you for your files.
are you back in the office yet?
we've booked italy tickets this week for departing houston on friday, may 24 to newark/rome and returning on sunday, june 9 from rome to newark/houston.
can you and tom join us?
john, sorry for the late response, but i think you can implement immediately.
i was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (i don't remember if you were there or not) but i'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks!
the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use, i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates.
how much notification would you like to give the tw customers before implementing the new tw hotline phone number?
we can do a popup notification along with changing the number on the web page, we can also put out a critical message which will send an email to customers.
do you think we need to do more?
i was aware.
i just couldn't remember if it was you or terry.
i was under the impression that terry kowalke had notified you of the implementation, tk was also made aware.
john, sorry for the late response, but i think you can implement immediately.
i was in a meeting last week and this was discussed (i don't remember if you were there or not) but i'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great, thanks!
the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use, i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates.
how much notification would you like to give the tw customers before implementing the new tw hotline phone number?
we can do a popup notification along with changing the number on the web page, we can also put out a critical message which will send an email to customers.
do you think we need to do more?
here it is.
let me know if you have any questions.
these numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago.
are you comfortable with the difference?
no hurry, i was just wondering.
please review and let me know what you think.
let's talk before i leave town next wednesday.
here is the job description and the operational accountabilities for the position i mentioned to you last sunday.
as you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships.
it will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey.
if you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and/or send me their resume.
since the bankruptcy filing, vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid (daniels, fisher, rosemont, other).
we have worked with daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone.
daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered.
we will try to complete the i/c with the earliest in-service date possible, but with conditions as they are, a realistic date would be june 15, 2002.
if you have questions or issues, please let me know.
we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row (also, i think we will have to purchase about 50ft of row from elpaso to get to questar's property).
as you look at this, if for some reason we cannot obtain elpaso row, we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row.
if you think that may 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent enron events, please let me know.
questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in-service date of may 1.
listening to the edison call w/investors edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ("big bang" approach) sometime in q1'02.
you know when the meeting with schedulers will be?
i apologize, i'm on the road and haven't heard when that will be.
i'm thinking that i may want to attend.
if you haven't heard, socal's announced their abandoning windows for ofos.
they're holding "workshops" on how it will all work soon.
i'll get you the announcement.
a state senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage california's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices.
the investigative committee, headed by state sen. joe dunn, d-santa ana, is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the capitol: "the palace coup."
the central question behind the palace coup is whether terry winter, the president of the independent system operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge.
"i don't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort," said dunn.
"the governor believes it was the defining moment, when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis," maviglio said.
"it was an emergency," fishman said.
"we had to take action.''
"they (electricity generators) grinned and beared the $750 price cap, but this new plan by iso was too much," said dunn, whose committee has been investigating since march.
he said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to "fix" prices, which would violate federal trade laws.
in the oct. 31 letters, electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps weren't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market.
power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap, saying they couldn't make a profit even under these constraints.
they began to withhold power from california, and on dec. 7 the iso declared its first stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts, which were narrowly averted.
he didn't mention anything about it.
"in retrospect, we should have told them,'' robinson said.
"it was beyond belief that they failed to mention something so significant.
prices, he said, did not spike as a result.
"we believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' robinson said.
"in our view, we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation.
we felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund."
"he did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing."
"they filed an emergency motion, and we were not about to let california go dark,'' hoecker said.
"they (iso management) did what any independent system operator would do."
he believes memos and e-mails around the time of winter's dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues.
"we don't know why he did what he did, but we are eager to find out," dunn said.
"terry said he made that filing in the interest of californians, but i find that argument has no basis in fact.''
we should resurrect mike smith's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one.
i can dig it up if you'd like.
i am having a meeting with vicki and janet dietrich on thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in ca (for customers already on da).
can we discuss this today or soon thereafter.
i suggest a "blind draw" on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golf, and as for the wager, no emails from the losing team for one week!
i'll leave to steve to structure the deal.
as i recall, montavano, shapiro and i usually make up one team, but i'm willing to switch around a bit.
are you playing golf?
it's a two way street, of course.
have they expressed any interest in negotiating?
as i have told rnr, i think we should advise duke in writing that its ip is not in conformity with the contract, sinceit is in the alternative, and that our ip is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators (since duke clearly cannot change it's ineffective ip at this stage, having already seen ours).
by friday december 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you spent on east coast power during the months of october and november.
in addition, could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ecp, so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ecp.
***mary perkins - could you forward the number of transactions and accounts.
***jason chumley - could you forward the number of contractor hours and help/remote support hours.
if i can get a few minutes with mark h. today, i'm going to propose that i speak to stan klimberg about getting this signed before thursday's meeting with lipa.
in the three years i have been here, i am unaware of an ena/ect bad faith claim against any insurance company.
justin, i have no knowledge of any bad faith actins enron has pending intexas but i will call richard sanders who manages domestic litgation here.
i've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately.
richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in texas or are you aware of any enron has filed??
it settled anyway, a long time ago.
did you get my fax on friday?
i guess the questions on which i should like your steer are: (a) do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by united india?
(b) is it right that enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in texas?
(c) are you happy with the draft letter to beachcrofts i sent you?
please give me a call if you would like to discuss.
not when i was there, but i wasn't there the whole time.
were you able to discuss the "bad faith" proceedings issue yesterday?
if you got the chance today, i should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call to discuss this issue; i think we should set out dpc's position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay.
if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
as i mentioned, please let me know when it is ready, and i will send someone to pick it up.
have you heard if the kinga has had little brian ii yet?
also, remind me of patterson's email, so i can harass him directly.
as you can tell from the time of my e-mail, i am getting crushed.
now that michelle is in your fold, do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with aaa on this?
i am sending you a letter from their atty.
we did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000.
richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
i am sending you a letter from their atty.
we did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000.
richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit.
as you may recall, they say they want a deposition on the parties' intention.
we should be expecting a deposition notice soon if they are going to follow through on their threat.
as you see below, she is pulling those together.
i have my paralegal gathering the pleadings enron requested.
if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited.
if you have received this communication in error, please immediately notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original message.
we are still very interested in having enron support our ecommerce dispute management protocol.?
the real purpose of my call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the protocol.
i am a member of the design group that has been developing the american arbitration association's dispute management systems and services for ecommerce b2b transactions.?
at this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings.
ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance, legal, and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services.?
before the meeting we would provide you with a brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for discussion at the meeting.
the real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in b2b marketplaces.?
we would like to meet between november 14 and?december 1?since construction of our services is already underway.?
please let me know what is possible, and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions (978-376-9004).
do you have a tel # for mike?
i'll send a copy of the suit filed against the generators as soon as i get it.
ok, perhaps it was inevitable.
but it is now official.
we are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the ucan web site later today.
"time is the best teacher, except for the fact that it kills off its best students"
the industry of marriage and kids, you heard me.
marriage is, in and of itself, a noble concept, but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck.
how can i say such an abomination, ask you?
look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating, yet they do.
these are the kids who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the american family has become under the post hippie culture, you heard again.
and you might think by reading this i blame the kids.....
not so, kids are what kids are and will do what they do.
it is literally monkey see and monkey do with them.
it's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and dont seem to understand that once you decide to have kids, it is indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for those kids.
when you blame it all on society, there's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking, drinking, doing drugs, fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they're doing.
people like this will never have my sympathy, nor do they deserve my sympathy.
probably it is.
you made a choice to be a mommy, you dont get a break until they move out, thats the choice that you madea and that's life.
just because you're stuck, doesnt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you.
another time i'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where "mommies" get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason.
this is the insidious conspiracy i call "mommism".
it must be stamped out.
it looks like nasa is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago.
i hope so.
seeing another "columbia" incident can be quite frightening (i woke up to it early in the morning when i was in texas).
we don't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species.
maybe one day they will allow space tourism, (hopefully that will be in the near future)although i would recommend that nasa build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones.
instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems (as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses).
but lets hope for their sake (and the sake of all space lovers out there) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again.
i see the merit in flowing with duality.
i have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body, mind and soul.
think of all life, if you will, as one great choir or one grand congregation.
any major dischord and we all suffer.
living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness.
we are only as strong as our weakest, we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us- playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before i was finished being a teenager.
when the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down.
when those lucky enough not to have herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do, not only are they hurting us, but they are hurting themselves.
there is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in.
what you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you.
we are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over peace.
jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him.
what are you doing to the least of the people?
if we are all in this thing together, let's play nice.
remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else, remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny.
no matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier, we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality.
will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard?
will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger?
what are you searching for?
whether you are looking for a part-time income to help pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from home on a full time basis, agel is the vehicle that can make that happen.
it is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history.
it is a revolutionary hybrid.
it is not just company longevity.
if you used to make $100k and now only make $30k, this is not long term viability.
are you unsure of agel?
you will discover: · how to create the security of residual income; · why agel is the best vehicle to live your dreams; · the amazing scientific breakthrough behind the products; · how the "quadra-plan" builds bigger bonus checks faster; · the support system in place to help you build stronger; and · the secret to lock in a "legacy" position!
i'll see you there!
we now present the kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga postures.
i encourage you to do this dance, as it has tremendous positive effects.
it is a dance for both males and females.
it is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength.
it can ward off and cure a number of diseases, keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth.
kaoshikii can be danced for as many rounds as you like.
the two hands when upraised and folded together represent: "now i am trying to establish a link with parama purus'a (supreme consciousness)."
bending to the right indicates: "i know the right way to request you."
bending forward suggests: "i completely surrender to you."
bending backward represents: "i am ready to face all obstacles that may come."
the last two steps represent: "o lord i repeat your cosmic rhythm."
"all of the research and all of the preparation i did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the soper [river] valley where we were canoeing," dr. fortier said.
dr. fortier, an orthodontist, learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of baffin island in july 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall.
"my first thought was to push it away," he said.
"a few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling."
the bear dwarfed the 6-foot-1 mr. parenteau, knocking him to the ground, he said.
dr. fortier threw a large rock at the bear, distracting it and allowing parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25-year-old patricia doyon, who was in the same tent.
"the bear gave chase and i gave chase," he said.
i was beside the bear's head and i stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times."
mr. crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart.
it was the favorite fruit of founder steve jobs.
he was three months late in filing a name for the business, and he threatened to call his company apple computers if the other colleagues didn't suggest a better name by 5 o'clock.
it is short for san francisco.
it stands for cowpland research laboratory.
after founders - stanford graduate students sergey brin and larry page presented their project to an angel investor, they received a cheque made out to 'google'
when sabeer bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service, he tried all kinds of names ending in 'mail' and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters "html" - the programming language used to write web pages.
it was initially referred to as hotmail with selective uppercasing.
the project eventually was terminated but larry and bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world.
they kept the name oracle and created the rdbms engine.
later they kept the same name for the company.
it originated from the latin word 'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used by americans to refer to a bright youngster.
it represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human.
yahoo! founders jerry yang and davidfilo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos...
i am on yahoo !
i say why not?
the main reason is google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it's not going to go away.
i have seen great fan sites suddenly disappear without notice and for no reason.
that said, the maintenance of this forum is handled by google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :).
i'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and i hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions.
im really looking forward to guild wars.
oh well, i'll get it when it comes out in febuary.
but they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long.
as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of.
i was kind of curious, what exactly is guild wars?
i havn't heard of it.
it's a massive multiplayer role playing game.
the graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics i have ever seen for any game and i have been gaming since the mud days.
it's worth a look.
i have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts.
i have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview.
i can't imagine them not being able to meet the feb 05 deadline.
i am lady kingel and i hail from the united legit gaming guilds of guild wars.
it was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with.
there are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums.
we play in all aspects of the game and we hand pick our members.
i would like to personally invite each of you to visit our website.
you are individuals of quality, and in our alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member.
you will be asked to register, and then you should wander over to the announce your arrival section and present yourself.
i do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you, as well.
if you paste this in your browser, it will take you directly to our gw website.
i extend my hand to each of you in true friendship, and honor.
we are currently moving to a new server, so we will be down for a while.
i will inform when we are up and running again.
i wish all happy holidays, and moreso, peace on earth.
we are here.
like it or not, for good or bad, we are here.
who are we?
we are the downtrodden and dispossesed, the self-torturing, the disenfranchised convicts, drug and alcohol addicts, the unemployed and unemployable.
we are the children of poverty, financial and spiritual.
we have and will have children of our own, grandchildren too.
we are ex-cons, uninsured, homeless, of many colors and speaking many tongues.
we are the enemy in what has become a domestic war against ourselves.
and who are you?
you who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force?
do you feel safer?
do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood?
by the way, have you read the declaration of independence and us constitution - or do you only know the first phrases?
it's about time we got together.
please know that i have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief, an addict, a dealer, a prostitute, or a violent individual.
many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being, an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to, and many of use wouldn't escape if you opened the front door.
did you know that approximately 10 million americans are either incarcerated, on probation, on parole or once were in those categories?
don't you think it's time we talked?
are you ready?
can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future?
do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now?
i know that some of you are, and that some of us are, and this is what gives me hope.
you need our insights just as we need your structure.
it is never over, especially when a real solution, a real treatment for our sickness, is yet to begin.
p.s. - i am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause.
subject: where can i get the necessary software to get a "smart" mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps? (e.g., pathalias, smail, etc.)
if sites next to you don't have what you want, contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive, or the moderator.
i am george walker bush, son of the former president of the united states of america george herbert walker bush, and currently serving as president of the united states of america.
i came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction, which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence.
i am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of iraq.
without the funds from our 1991 partners, we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within iraq.
i would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty-five percent(10-25 %) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture.
i propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth (15th) of the month of april.
but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day.
a bold step taken shall not be regretted, i assure you.
if you do not wish to co-operate in this transaction, please contact our intermediary representatives to further discuss the matter.
i pray that you understand our plight.
"they're just pushing them aside," he said.
"it's a very, very desperate situation," louisiana governor kathleen blanco said.
"we were screaming, hollering, flashing lights.
it was complete chaos," kioka williams told the associated press news agency.
she had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level.
before the phones went, i was told [my family in biloxi] had lost their roof, barn, 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water
"some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet (some 3m) of water," he said.
the us army corps of engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters, and the government's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes.
"you're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast," a state official said.
tens of thousands are homeless, and officials say it could be weeks before power is restored.
"i can only imagine that this is what hiroshima looked like 60 years ago," said mississippi governor haley barbour after viewing the destruction from the air.
harrison county in mississippi bore the brunt of hurricane katrina as it slammed into biloxi and gulfport before heading inland.
damage estimates of more than $25bn suggest it could be the us insurance industry's most expensive natural disaster ever.
i hope you have found this information helpful.
if you have any questions, please request clarification prior to rating the answer.
you can get details about nasa spending here, from their own webpage.
i guess if you are someone not familiar with how nasa benefits our society i can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy-ga.
let me put it this way - if you have watched tv recently, crossed a modern bridge, flown in an airplane, recieved any form of modern medicine, did any mathematics, drove a car, used a cellular phone, etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which nasa has returned to us.
i believe that nasa is a huge waste of tax payers' money, but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies, that i find it best not to think about it.
i also think the national endowment for the arts is a waste, but i guess i would rather see my money go to the nea than nasa.
in response to steve's comment: do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the only way to invent the cellfone?
i find that extremely hard to believe.
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way, right here on bad-old-planet-earth.
i realize that it may sound strange, but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend.
that band is involved in a local competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started.
what we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band, in order to put them in first place.
they are currently in third place, and need your help so that the prize money can be used for a humanatarian cause.
you can vote at the following link, it will only take a few seconds.
also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email contacts.
we need the power of the internet to pull this off.
you can check the validity of all of this at the beyond control website.
the home page for rockin on the river is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season.
you can check that out as well, to confirm that this is all real, and for a worthy cause.
abby is our beloved friend, and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life-saving treatments.
here are some emails we have sent, along with the flyer for the benefit fund raiser we are holding in june, just for your information.
if you can pass this info along, and ask everyone you know to forward it to their contacts, etc, we may have a shot at pulling this off.
i will attach the letter explaining the benefit we are sponsoring.
it is certainly for a good cause.
she doesn't have the funds to continue without the grant, and without these treatments, her prognosis is grim.
i hope you have a huge network.
we must finish in first place in order to contribute the $5000 to the benefit fund.
abby freeman is our good friend who has non-hodgkin lymphoma, and she needs your help!
her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments.
with your help, we know she can do it!!
we'll have four bands, and big d is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes.
this is an event you don't want to miss!!
china's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as brazil and sudan.
it has invested $3 billion in the african country's oil industry, which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs.
then, this month, it said that it opposed moves to refer iran's nuclear stand-off with the international atomic energy agency to the united nations security council.
this year it overtook japan as the world's second largest consumer of energy, behind the us.
since president hu ordered state-owned oil firms to "go abroad" to ensure supply, they have begun drilling for gas in the east china sea, just west of the line that japan regards as its border.
"nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world," he said.
"it may be a difficult political issue but i don't think the energy content is worthwhile."
eurasia group, a new york-based firm of political analysts, said its oil experts worked out that china was paying such an inflated price for its investment in brazil that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times the market price.
"beijing may end up in a early 1990s japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them."
"sudan is the primary example," he said.
"it marks the first time in recent years that china has promised to wield its veto power in the un security council against a petition initiated by the united states and backed by france and great britain."
if you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence, try the following before moving onto the more formal method below.
it is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the mp3 file that follows after the visualisations.
with each breath, feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter, and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness.
imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally.
as you sit above the world, the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer.
it surrounds you.
now you are far above the earth - into space.
you want to merge your mind with the greater universal mind that surrounds you.
you are in a state of peace and relaxation.
you want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal mind.
now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a little, stretch them.
another thing you can try.
imagine you're sitting on top of a mountain, and that it's the most peaceful place you can think of.
feel that you're sitting there in complete peace, right on top of the world.
feel you're completely surrounded by that infinite peace and happiness.
think internally, intuitively, not by words, of the meaning, as you're repeating it.
it is important to take the idea, not just the intellectual analysis.
touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process.
feel you're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness, and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you.
you can go further and feel that your unit consciousness, a dot in the infinite consciousness, is merging with infinity.
continue for as long as you like, then open your eyes.
don't worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that's normal.
it takes some time and practice to be able to focus on the one thought.
if you don't practice, then nothing happens.
well maybe a miracle could happen, but lets face it we're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques!
from what we hear from the news media, one could easily conclude that all christians are opposed to gay marriage.
it presents the case for marriage equality and states, “we are resolved that the state should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.”
please note that the declaration addresses only civil marriage; it says nothing about religious beliefs or practices regarding marriage.
if you have any questions please feel free to call me (after sat. the 26th, when i will return from a trip).
sign-up lists will be available at the services on feb. 27 and march 6, or you can email me.
i will email names and email addresses (or postal addresses) of signers to ncrc4me in time for their “lobby day” in raleigh on march 15.
we become most fully human when we love another person.
we can grow in our capacity to be human - to be loving - in a family unit.
throughout history, tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families, they can kill the spirit of those peoples.
as religious people, clergy and lay leaders, we are mandated by faith to stand for justice in our common civic life.
we oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same-gender couples.
we insist that no one, especially the state, is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults, whether of the same or differing genders, from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving, thus more fully human.
we respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical issues involved.
however, we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction.
we are resolved that the state should not interfere with same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage.
we affirm freedom of conscience in this matter.
we recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at, or bless, same-gender marriages.
as faith leaders, we commit ourselves to public action, visibility, education, and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry.
he would tear down our system of checks and balances, giving far too much power to the president
he has a very high intellect.
he graduated very high in his class, from princeton undergraduate and from law school at yale.
he has a long and distinguished record, including many years as a federal appeals judge, the next level below supreme court.
he has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different supreme court cases, and he can recite details from memory.
he demonstrates an excellent "judicial temperament," being courteous, mild-mannered, respectful of all people; careful in his work, meticulous in detail.
yes, it is true that some people don't like the way they think he will vote on the supreme court.
but other people do like the way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him.
so now the senate is getting ready to vote soon, on whether to approve him or not; and at this moment (evening of jan. 27, 2006) it looks like he has more than the fifty-one votes needed for approval.
the president is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote, because he very much wants to have samuel alito on the supreme court, to be judging the cases bush is interested in.
sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly, then regret it for many years to come.
that is what is about to happen with judge samuel alito, in my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of supreme court justice: he does not really agree with the system of "checks and balances" built into the constitution, and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the "unitary executive theory," which calls for vastly-increased presidential power at the expense of congress and the supreme court.
"he would tear down our system of checks and balances, giving far too much power to the president."
in our constitutional system, we have three branches of the federal government: the legislative, executive, and judicial branches.
and the basic idea behind the checks and balances we have is that if one branch of the government goes crazy, the other two can hold it down.
the military is not part of the executive branch: it is a separate entity.
if you want to help, please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them.
but they remain uncertain about whether china aims to beat the united states to the moon in its secretive space effort.
"they are not in any hurry.
they want a program that will be a success," johnson-freese said.
"they are not going to rush it, because they don't want it to be a budget buster.
"we applaud china's space achievements," nasa spokesman allard beutel said tuesday.
"we wish them a successful return of their astronauts."
he stressed, however, that nasa would not follow this week's chinese mission through formal channels.
the first phase, she said, will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to earth.
"there is always the possibility they could jam us up, make us look like we are not numero uno," pike said.
as it turned out, the soviets never made it to the moon.
"they would get in line in front of the russians.
and they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch."
the two developments, he said, could eventually enable china's space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home.
i'm a member of a local animal rights news, and get regular emails from other members and the staff.
recently, i read an email that reported the horrific nightmare civet cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes.
the animals eventually die, which is because these demons are so greedy, they want as much of their "product" as they can get, instead of letting the cats go after a point, as an act of humanity, mercy, love.
below i pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created.
it has cat's "meowing" for the vocals, and you might really find yourself in those furnaces, feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die.
the main reason i wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way i can help put a stop to this cat holocaust.
i am serious about doing something.
if i love cats so much, why aren't i doing something???
i don't want to appear before god on judgment day and have to explain why i didn't do anything like this in my life.
i read the civet cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my mom emailed me about it, i re-read it, and went to the website with the song the author of the email created.
well, sure enough, when i heard the cats "meowing," i imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of god were living, what went on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that i want to do something about this torture.
so, if anyone can give me some advice, i'd sure appreciate it!
i think for starters, myself and those of you who believe in god could say a special prayer for them.
i will.
i've pasted the email for those who haven't seen or would like to re-read it.
it's also got the website where the song has been uploaded.
i was thinking, that while i'm sitting here, relaxing and enjoying myself, those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those holocaust-esque death chambers.
and what am i doing about it?
this is my first time posting to the list, so i feel somewhat embarrassed by "promoting" a song i wrote, but i think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed.
i'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats, but to brief those who might not know, i will quote james rachels, author of world hunger and moral obligation among many other animal rights-related books and articles.
(i kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as peter singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals).
if anyone wants the complete article, email me, as it is a very good article which no meat-eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy.
but this is what he says about civet cats:
they are confined in this way until they finally die.
musk, which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive, makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application.
if anyone is interested in listening to this song, and in offering their opinion, whether it be positive or negative, i'd appreciate it.
but i also hope no one feels any obligation to download, especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine (28k).
although there are no human vocals/lyrics, i think it's subject matter is audible.
it's also on the net.
i was already a vegetarian when i read it a little more than a year ago, but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan.
i hope all are well.
"note to wigner: do you think your friend could feed my cat?
i found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: i don't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says.
all i say is, it works.
within seven days, i started getting money in the mail!!
i figured it would end soon, but the money just kept coming in.
in my first week, i made about $25.00.
by the end of the second week i had made a total of more than $1000.00!!
in the third week i had more than $10,000.00 and it's still growing!!
this is now my fourth week and i have made a total of $42,000.00 and it's still coming rapidly.
it's certainly worth $6.00 and six stamps, and i have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning!!!
let me tell you how this works and most important, why it works..........
also make sure you print this out now, so you can get the information off of it, as you will need it.
i promise you that if you follow the directions exactly that you will start making more money than you thought possible by doing something so easy!!
it's easy.
it's legal.
this is not a rip-off, it is decent; it's legal; and it is virtually no risk - it really works!!
if all the following instructions are adhered to, you will receive extraordinary dividends.
you will now become apart of the mail order business.
you are in the business of developing mailing lists.
you now should have six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00 bill.
what you are doing is creating a service.
you are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying for it!!
so i checked it out with the u.s. post office (1-800-238-5355) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal!!
step two:now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the other names up (six becomes 5, 5 becomes 4, and etc.) and add your name as number 6 on the list.
change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible.
(i think there are close to 24,000 groups)
all you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you make!!
if you have any doubts, refer to title 18 sec. 1302 & 1341 of the postal lottery laws.
keep a copy of these steps for yourself and whenever you need money, you can use it again, and again.
if you were of integrity, the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way.
note: you may want to retain every name and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you.
this verifies that you are truly providing a service.
(also, it might be a good idea to wrap the $1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft).
your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the #1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in cash!!!
send it now, add your own name to the list and you're in business!!!
step one: you do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting.
this will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list.
if you want to do your posting in different settings, you'll always have this file to go back to.
fill in the subject, this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group, click the post message button.
you're done.
all you have to do, and it really works!!!
ever since he ate up red riding hood's grandma and blew down the houses of two-thirds of the three little pigs, the big bad wolf has held a persistently bad reputation.
rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s, hoping to reestablish a breeding population.
osu forestry professors william ripple and robert beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream-bank stabilization, although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of "the ecology of fear" -- something that smacks of the horrible pr resulting from the wolf's relationships with riding hood and the three pigs.
they explained that elk in yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams, a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion.
"all you have to do is look at the photographs," ed bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the u.s. fish and wildlife service, told upi's blue planet,
"you say, 'wow!'
"it may be uninteresting to a lot of people," beschta told blue planet.
"there's a lot of impact on plants and they say, 'who cares?'
but we've been looking at streamside communities.
it's important with regard to the quality of streams.
they've only been there for 10 years.
in 10 more years we'll have a better idea."
he vacated the fws decision to downgrade the wolf's status.
they even occasionally attack people, which wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the brothers grimm.
it remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf.
they seem to be just that: rumors.
bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in the wild, however, and they all almost certainly have died.
he said after 10 years of dna testing on northern rockies wolves, scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants.
scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees celsius -- or fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends, but meanwhile earth's plants, insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome.
they already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening.
it turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions, and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming.
the eastern phoebe is showing up about 20 days before it used to.
an analysis of 65 bird species in the united kingdom shows about one-third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago.
"across the united states, the northern edge of species' range is expanding," she said.
"empirical research pointed to climate as being a strong driver," she said.
throughout the united states, she said, "spring is about two weeks earlier.
the alaskan tundra, for instance, has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to "being a net source of co2 (releasing more carbon than is stored) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release co2."
"should the arctic ocean become ice-free in summer, it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction," the report concluded.
the ipn report examines commercial fish species, but it neglects important non-commercial animals, such as seals and polar bears.
they assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species, and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy.
"when dandelions have set the mark of may on wisconsin pastures, it is time to listen for the final proof of spring," wrote aldo leopold in "a sand county almanac."
"sit down on a tussock, cock your ears at the sky, dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings, and soon you may hear it: the flight of the upland plover, just now back from the argentine."
in the world press, commentators predict that katrina will make a profound change in the way the us is perceived at home and abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed.
meanwhile, president george w bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled.
has it altered your life?
what you see in new orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system, a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem.
you have seen the pictures.
you people think it is race, but it is not.
it is the welfare society that was new orleans."
at least he isn't using this disaster for cheap political point-scoring."
"i do not feel it has changed the us citizens which is what was needed, even now the majority want "gas" despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop, perhaps this natural disaster, which let's face it looks like a product of global warming, will change their views, why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your legs, other people in the world do it, "gas" is not the be all and end all!"
distances are not what they are in the old world.
here, cars are absolutely necessary, and he'd have to have one, too.
"the us will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days.
it is always interesting what spin the press will take.
i don't believe that folks who believe that america is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news.
i have a friend who came here from bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery.
(believe it or not, it takes a minimum of 5 years to apply.)
you know, i've lived in the dallas/fort worth metroplex most of my life.
when not in texas, i lived in la and san francisco.
i didn't expect to react that way, but when i was looking around my workplace in nashua, new hampshire, and everyone else looked pretty much like me, it was really very eerie.
additionally, reviewing the standings of louisiana and mississippi in the educational stakes, you'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states.
yes, it's a valid reflection of america - we do have cities like this.
i don't know if this will change other nation's perceptions of america.
i suspect it will not change greatly... but you never know how much stock people put in the news.
i do know that this will change the face of america.
i expect that many of the displaced people (those affluent and those not) will remain in the places they were evacuated to.
sure, some will return, but i have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing, they may be shy about returning.
i'm interested in what america will look like in 5 years.
these are some of the things i've been wondering...
okay, i'm new to this forum and really don't like bush, so my view point is slanted and i admit that.
i rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what's the point?
what i know is that i have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in new orleans.
my friend didn't have computer capability, so i spent the day searching and posting online.
it is oct. 6, and not one family member has been located.
what i saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation.
what i heard was the mayor of new orleans, saying that he didn't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do.
when common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become?
about 30 seconds into his address, he started flogging the terrorist issue just one more time.
ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk.
even he can't believe that he is trotting out this old saw again.
i guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour.
the gall of it all is that bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries, when what he should do is pour money into making the us independent of opec or crude oil all together.
we have the technology; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting "freedom" why not spend those billions making all of us free?
i'm sorry he makes me want to puke so i shut him off.
if you want a motto for 2005, the best one to adopt would be "go with the flow."
you may need to play it cool and curb your spending.
you'll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself, as your creativity will be at an all-time high.
you will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual, and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision.
if you want to start a new creative project or business venture, your imagination will be working overtime.
with hard work and focus, you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time.
this is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life.
by the end of the year, you will have a whole new network of friends and group activity, stimulating new ideas and taking up your social life a notch or two.
you now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want.
by the end of 2005 you'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off!
enjoy the restful periods when you can.
you'll be making radical changes in your work habits, but you'll be a lot happier for it, and in the end you'll know it was worth it.
by the end of 2005, you'll feel more confident, more determined, and far more capable of making the mountains come to you!
pursuing a successful career, along with the usual social and financial advantages, will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you, leo!
you'll be able to create opportunities for advancement almost out of thin air.
romance in 2005 will make it a year to remember - and you'll be the envy of all your friends.
yet, this is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of 2005, you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness.
for much of 2005, you'll be putting your nose to the grindstone.
just don't take it for granted - you still need to be cautious this year.
and, you're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak.
in spite of a lot of worry over your career, by the year's end, you'll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments.
this is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world, as expansion is the theme.
the one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you'd like could be your career, where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare.
by year's end, you may find yourself seriously considering a major change - all for the best.
scorpio, you can still expect changes - perhaps major ones - in your life this year, almost to the point of total transformation.
while this is most apparent in the area of your career, you'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life.
your life might take on an entirely new direction you've never dreamed of.
you may also change your residence during the year.
they may not be familiar, but they will be fascinating.
are you prepared to handle absolute power?
if not, you will be soon!
there's so much punch packed into this combination that it's almost scary.
you'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny.
you'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly.
by the second half of the year, you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two years.
and, a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like, for the rest of your life.
overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget.
you've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005, friend capricorn.
the long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general.
financially, it could be a lean year, although some advance planning can help you weather the storm.
your career opportunities will expand exponentially, and you're likely to change jobs or positions this year.
at times, the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable, but rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever, as more is revealed and resolved in 2005.
2005 sees you expanding your intuitive and psychic skills even more, aquarius.
the mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life, especially concerning partnerships of all kinds.
it's a big year for you, friend pisces.
no doubt, in 2005 you'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world.
you'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends.
at some point during the year, you could pick up a financial windfall, hear of a great career opportunity, or unexpectedly meet the love of your life.
it's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate, as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable.
upon the same day he conquered darius, won a great victory at sea, & died the same day.
neither was this day less fortunate to his father philip; for on the same day he took potidea; >> - john aubrey, f.r.s.
<<in "love's labour's lost" we find a character don adriana de armatho, full of affection and bombast.
true, but two in england that we know of were a part of the essex entourage: dr. lopez, who had been physician to essex' step-father, the earl of leicester, had apparently treated the young essex for some socially unacceptable ailment, and antonio perez, who was a guest at essex house in the early 1590's.
to be sure, both lopez & perez were conversos--but they were thought of in england as being, as they undoubtedly were, at least ethnically, jews.>>
long before (september 1560) dr. lopez had been the personal house doctor of robert dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for amy robsart (stating that she had "accidentally" fallen down the stairs).
<<"i have told you, friend," said the curate, "that this is done to divert our idle thoughts; and as in well-ordered states games of chess, fives, and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care, or are not obliged, or are unable to work, so books of this kind are allowed to be printed, on the supposition that, what indeed is the truth, there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories;>>
<<"well then," said don quixote, "the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play emperors, others popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought into a play; but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal in the grave."
"a fine comparison!" said sancho; "though not so new but that i have heard it many and many a time, as well as that other one of the game of chess; how, so long as the game lasts, each piece has its own particular office, and when the game is finished they are all mixed, jumbled up and shaken together, and stowed away in the bag, which is much like ending life in the grave."
"ay," said sancho; "it must be that some of your worship's shrewdness sticks to me; land that, of itself, is barren and dry, will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it>>
he turned away.
he could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss.
<<he could do little during the day, for murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite lucas, or lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness.
at night, however, he slept alone, and the avenger might find him.
on a certain evening, which had been prearranged, i sent my friend final instructions, for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room.
i was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed.
he crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as i had finished the note.
he and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress.
then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed.
finally, after much debate, they concluded that my murder was too dangerous.
but they determined to get rid forever of garcia.
they had gagged me, and murillo twisted my arm round until i gave him the address.
i swear that he might have twisted it off had i understood what it would mean to garcia.
lopez addressed the note which i had written, sealed it with his sleeve-link, and sent it by the hand of the servant, jose.
at first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks.
it came from liverpool, that was the port base to the titanic, destroyed by god because of the arrogant insult of captain smith (also from liverpool): "not even god can sink my ship" (not only the captain, but also the rest of the crew and even the orchestra playing at the titanic were from liverpool).
it came from the nation whose king enrique viii adulterated the bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom god provided a wife with six fingers as abomination (anne boleyn)...once again 6, number of the beast....
it is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed "the devil's island".
it will vanish and shrink.
we are more popular than jesus and pope"....
came the disintegration of the beatles' minds with lsd which has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "i am the walrus" and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "revolution number 9".
it is interesting to notice that he was shot seven times, being seven, as well as three, the holy numbers in holy cabalah tradition....
to paul mccartney whose company's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "sir" (when in england even the road sweeper is made sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), god provided cancer to the wife.
at the same time mccartney was going out with heather mills, he used linda's death for promotional ends, due to his waning popularity.
paul admitted that he made linda suffer a lot, but he didn't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same, even though it has never been much.
the early days were the days of competition between paul and his wife and john and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly john for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having yoko ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "let it be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing every effort he could to be seen as a man....
it is easy to note the uneasiness of mccartney when he sings: "i've got a feeling, a feeling i can't hide..." in front of yoko in the film.
(he already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend jane asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners).
paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again, as jane and linda did.
he is very conscious that money and fame cannot buy virility and manliness.
besides being a murderer, john lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual brian epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the cavern, trauma from which he never recovered.
in the beatles' song "get back" they advise black joe to "get back to where you once belonged", as if england was not a place for black people.
sometimes back, paul told george in the apple offices that the new generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people, but in any way they would have also been slaves of the beatles.
the jewish marriage living to the right of george's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting.
the receptionist of "hand made", the former film making company of george harrison said: "we don't have any relation with that man anymore and we don't want to know anything about him".
george harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about john lennon....
george harrison said in a video that "oasis is a very untalented band and they shouldn't be playing at all", all of it being the truth, but the beatles is also a band of very poor musicians, if musicians at all, who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as oasis.
paul mccartney said recently that he believes in using magic, and he does lots of charity, thinking that in this way he will compensate for the curse of god that is upon him and that took his wife's life because of his satanism and involvement in black magic.
he thinks he will deceive people in this way, so that the real mccartney will not be perceived.
after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly "devil's island" through his nine main puppets (beatles-rolling stones), he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs, he made them proclaimers of homosexuality, aversion to religion, destruction of family values, dissipation, mental illness, antisocialism, etc., etc.,
if you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house, it is because you own some l.p, cd or another article related to the cursed by god beatles and rolling stones.
we recommend you to take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the devil's main nine puppets....
for the sake of mankind, you should email our verdict to your friends.
if the us attacks iran, it is probable that american forces - already taxed by attacks from sunni factions - will also face reprisal attacks in iraq from shi'ite factions loyal to iran.
the result will be a dramatic escalation in us and civilian casualties, us forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases, and us forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power.
while iran's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the iran-iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless.
they include 120,000 iranian revolutionary guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare.
there is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long-range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction.
it has never properly declared its holdings of chemical weapons, and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown."
even the small navy that iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping, and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the iranian navy could be quite effective."
it is iran's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for american forces in the gulf, especially for the us navy.
recall that it was two exocets that ripped the uss stark to shreds in 1987, killing 37 sailors.
china is seeking the construction of a pipeline from iran to the caspian sea, where it would link with another planned pipeline running from kazakhstan to china.
china and japan, and the world at large, have more dollar reserves than they require.
they would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose."
when china's currency ceases to be undervalued, american shoppers in wal-mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in china, will think they are in neiman marcus.
should they decide to squeeze, we will all feel it.
it is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the united states in a military and economic conflict with iraq, iran, syria and china simultaneously.
they did it once already in iraq.
by graydon carter (excepted from "what we've lost", published by little brown)
50= approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the bush administration on fridays after 5pm, a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience.
2000 - year that cheney said his policy as ceo of halliburton oil services company was "we wouldn't do anything in iraq".
35 - number of countries to which the united states suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving americans immunity from prosecution before the international criminal court.
87 - percentage of american families in april 2004 who say they have felt no benefit from bush's tax cuts.
$300m - amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes.
more like the french than he would care to admit
28 - number of vacation days bush took in august 2001, the month he received a 6 august presidential daily briefing headed "osama bin laden determined to strike us targets."
no fool when it comes to the press
ugh my dad is so stupid... he just doesn't understand anything!
i have 5 sisters and so including my mom... he is the only guy in a house of six females.
now i'm the youngest and i just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it's a good thing?
he's always like "ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours, i wish i had mine!" and he isn't even joking.
i think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy?
don't blame him please, he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you, please forgive and sympathy if he miss something.
i am sorry for him, he is a good dad
no one employs people from hartpury because of what they received on work experience.
merrist wood (i'm there on a nvq equine course) do hnd in equine management.
hartpury college (i think that is the name, but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion), in gloucestershire.
go onto the ucas website, go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do.
they'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to apply.
you shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows about philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene.
in fact philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country.
would you recommend living in limerick as a student?
i've been given the opportunity to live in limerick, ireland, next year as part of my course..if you know about limerick, what are the pros and cons?
and would you recommend it as a student?
limerick's a great student city, there's loads on, you'll be spoilt for choice.
in fact, you probably won't ever want to leave.
its now my home.
my mytouch 4g crashes with most custom roms i install.
i really like the miui, but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds.
and i can't even load the newest version of cyanogen mod.
not by the company... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms
you are best to either recover to the standard rom, or find one that doesn't crash.
have you tried using clockwork recovery?
also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake.
or you could just use a home screen launcher replacement.
i would recommend go launcher or adw launcher.
they are both excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit.
as a mytouch 4g owner i know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom.
hope you read through this.
and how big are they?
im 33.
ive never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all...i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window.
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors.
they can be bleak and eerie, often very exposed, often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds, stone circles and settlements--until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands,then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil.
they can also be very beautiful when the purple heather is out, and they are habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflowers.
she seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat...
how could i work with her to get off her four hand,get balance, and lope smoothly and slowly??
put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step, it's in the feeling when you feel her think trot, tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving.
if you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant.
is it a gud option for casual/formal functions photography?????
is it comparable to sony products or not??
it has 14 mega pixel camera...n 4xwide optical zoom...
it is def worth more than the price.
i am very satisfied.
my answer is that we don't to text speak here... we type in english.
just want to ask..i have an nikon dslr..im wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200-300percent..i can see some dead pixel...is there something wrong with my camera body?
please help me..and what should i do to fix this problem?
or it is normal?
are you sure it isn't dirt on the sensor?
take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops
you will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
if you apply for a skilled migrant workers visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you can't find something in your own field.
i have posted this question on the nz visa site and can't get any info, does anyone know.???
that would be preferable but it doesn't matter, could be something similar
it depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa.
your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific sector.
if your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in new zealand then you can work in any sector.
it only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in new zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa.
take the red line to clark, then you turn right.
not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go.
you can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner.
check out http://www.restaurant.com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices.
not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area.
i found a poor little mouse walking around in my friends house, and since i was able to catch it very easily (normally mice move at the speed of light), and since it was acting unresponsive, i thought it was infected with mouse poison, since my friend uses it.
i know that the mouse will probably die, but i was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison?
i just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .
or, you can put the animal in a snap trap designed for rats or mice since that is the only really humane kill method for invasive animals.
so i have a very long list of people i want to make xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend.
she loves giraffes and homemade things!
i am very artistic so i decided i was going to make her a giraffe sculpture.
i don't have much money so i bought crayola air-dry clay.
i have sculpted the giraffe laying down.
the key is...i have a few problems:
1. i tested it out by making a figure boat
and after 4 days when it dried it was very fragile!
2. what kind of paint do i use to paint the giraffe?
3. is there any cheap way to give it a shine like i made it in a kiln?
air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent, so you can leave the wire armature inside, paint with acrylic paint
i have a 3-4 month old kitten and i live in forida.
i am going to my grandmas in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia.
my cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside.
she is also good in a carrier.
should i bring her?
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside?
we took our cat mitten camping.
but he was an inside/outside cat (only one i owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats).
he was trained to a harness/leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside.
if your cat is not trained to use the litter pan, you may have a problem taking her.
changing its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get depressed, mean, sick, or will not want to be around you.
what cleaners should i use for dusting around my parakeet?
what cleaners can i use to dust around my budgie.
your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they don't require cleaner.
if you must use a cleaner, pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated.
i have had parakeets for a very long time, and i use pledge.
i agree w the answer from nothing.
even a cotton cloth (i like diapers) that is barely damp w water will work fine.
i use miracle cloth, they're fantastic, just don't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them, it ruins their "grabbing" ability.
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361 if anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird.
rp: is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid...?
i didn't get to read the answers lol :(
i'm not gonna say who, they are on now.
i don't want them to commit suicide or something haha
its definitely not you.
its not any of you lol
i emailed you saaaaaam.
i don't know.
how did you know.
it's not me is it!?
i'm mostly joking when i talk about suicide and really i'm not that stupid i just get in stupid situations d:
iguzwhat lol
sorry but i can't help my stupidity =(
edit: i love how she says it's not callum but doesn't deny it's me....i think we all know who she's talking about...
edit: now i'm curious...
edit: how did i know...
lol they really aren't that much worse than me
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep.ireland and put a irish pay,go dongle init?
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall?
yes obviously the usb is region free which means you can use it anywhere.
but word of advice if you're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure its a good brand a not something like dell, acer, asus, emachines etc.
yes of course you can....
i have many friends that have laptops bought in the uk that use them here
how do i take care of my newborn baby fish?
i am nervous that my other fish will eat them, and i don't know what to feed them!
i have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank.
you could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish (also the parents) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten.
its natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded.
what kind of newborn fish you have?
some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes
i have a question about mcdonald's monopoly!
if you can?
ok, i know that mcdonald's has monopoly going on right now.
& i wanna know what food has the game pieces.
when most of the food or drinks i got only included two!
so can somebody please list all of the food that includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with that food!
scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy (:
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes/spines (whatever you call them) on their side and face area ever go hard.
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them
iv owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time.. they dont go hard lik eneedle hard but they arnt pillow soft.
they use them to look prickly.. would you try to eat a cactus [if u had no knife] i know i wouldnt.
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if ur holding them to tight :)
theyre not really hard.
i'm assuming it's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies.
they just are there as an adaptation.
it is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues.
it is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein, though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins.
it just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure.
it's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle.
i know that's vague, but it depends on the horse.
the rider needs to have independent hands as well, because you do not want to pull too hard on a bit like that. ;)
i want to save up for a canon t3i, around 750-800 + :(
i'm currently 12 and i get about 20 dollars a week for lunch, sometimes a bit more, i plan to save 10 dollars every week :)
my birthday is in november and i get about .... 150 or more since i hate my dads family.. haha
can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save/gain money? :o
be happy you get a bit, many of us never got nothing :)
it's around $100 less, which means you get the same camera but quicker!
if you can't even do basic math, you'll never figure out how to use a dslr camera properly.
does the pop drying time slow down if it not exposed to air?
its for a craft project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing....
took a bit of searching to discover that pop is probably pop - plaster of paris and yes plaster of paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud"
- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and
- it dries out, losing the water that is soaked into the set structure
for example, a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj
i'm getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i was just talking to my mom and she said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep but i told her no because i said their energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers but i heard their are wheels that dont make noise at all what would be the price of it?
i'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise .
i have a dwarf hamster who hates his wheel and doesn't use it -
he makes so much more noise, as he plays and digs and jumps (seriously)
how can i change my boarding station against the ticket i booked a month back from counter?
my origin station is howrah, but i want to board at asansol..
if yes, you don't need to change it because you board later.
if no, you'll have to go to one of the train stations.
in calcutta there is a foreigner's reservation office where they speak english very well.
i don't remember near which station it is though.
they can help you and it is close to a train station in calcutta so check a few big ones?
even if you don't find the foreigner's office you'll be fine in the normal reservation office of any big train station.
this is where you can get and change express train tickets.
you might end up as a no show passenger.
my name is josalyn leainne creek and i'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister's deli and i', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i dont care about how much you guys pay and i've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
it makes a huge difference.
no one's going to hire you if you can't even spell, especially if you're a high school graduate.
no one's going to take you seriously if they're full of typos and whatnot.
sorry, i would put that application in the round file.
canadian student visa, can i used for other schools?
i applied to get a student visa to study in canada, i received one that is valid until october of 2015.
or do i need to reapply ?
(in the visa itself, it does not mention anything about which school i m suppose to attend, and problem is, the embassy here in dc are not too nice and would never answer any questions....) any advice please?
how do you prevent a dwarf hamster escaping from the cage?
im getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will freak out!!!
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it cant escape i can buy it a wheel
i've never had a dwarf hamster but i've had the same problem with my pet rat i put some chicken wiring around it the i got from home depot and now it can't out.
yes i've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good
this is the cage i have whhich is pretty much impossible to escape from:
i love this cage, it's easy to clean, very spacious and fun for the hamster
i am 17 years old.
i do not get along with my family.
i dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment.
i am very unhappy here.
i don't know the best way of doing it.
would it be best for me to finish college?
i live in london.
i want to go travelling.
my parents do not like me, they constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when i turn 18.
i don't particularly want to stay with them atm either.
but right now its the most convenient thing to do.
anybody is open to answers but i would much prefere somebody with traveling experience.
i want to go all over :) i don't have a set route yet.
you can always beg for spare change when you get hungry.
i always thought mayko or meiko is a japanese name.
the canadian regenesis actress mayko nguyen has japanese connection or is it her fake name?
right, i couldn't find any proven source for that.
in vietnam, when a baby was born, they must be named "first name" according to that of their fathers.
it's principle except a number of cases, for example, the babies are orphans or not to have father.
but if the babies were born in american so they would named in other way but still remain "first name" in order to recall about their origination.
i'm pretty sure that mayko is japanese.
she is a canadian born vietnamese.
i'm not sure where her first name is from...
i have a splitter/filter between my adsl and ph line?
i have 2 phones running on the same line and the adsl which is connected to one of the phones and the filter, i'm still getting a buzzing noise even when i have disconnected the other phone without one.
why is it stil doing this even though i don't have the other phone connected?
woud it be better if i got another filter and connected the other phone as well?
if everything is filtered, and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there, try doubling up on the filters...
you need either a filter for each device except the dsl modem, or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks, except the one which the dsl modem connects.
i've modified my holga 120 to take 35mm film and i know that you can't wind the film back, you have to open the back of the camera (in a darkroom) to rewind the film.
what do other holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling?
do you just take a changing bag with you?
it's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera.
you can work comfortably and make sure your film is not scratched etc.
it's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you're outside.
i have a few how to videos for diy 35mm film in a 120 camera on my youtube channel:
i'ma sophomore in highschool doing a presentation on italian arts and my teacher is making us censor the statue of david.
my argument is it's art and therefore should not be censored he's making us censor it who's right
no,it's only a body of a young man
an art teacher in the mid-cities area of dallas/ft.worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw "nudes" in the museum.
you don't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls/women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display?
no, it was guys.
let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he/she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job.
i am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak.
i have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu...
i have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and i have narrowed it down to three establishments.
i have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome.
it's narrowed down to butcher and singer, davio's, and del friscos.
sidenote... i am familiar with the capital grille, barclay prime, the palm, the prime rib, mortons, ruth chris', etc.
i have weighed those options and found the three that i have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste.
please only reviews on the three i mentioned earlier.
i am only familiar with morton's and ruth chris.
i have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do i know of anyone who has.
i hope you get your answer.
if space is minimal, or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets, then i can understand why you would choose to keep him there.
when you take a warm shower and build up steam, his cage will collect water, the bedding will absorb much of it, and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should.
you will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways he may have.
you also don't want it getting too warm for him too often.
overall, it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it.
it may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing.
i would personally put him somewhere else.
i'm planning my trip to asia and s.korea is one of the destinations.
it's so much fun over there, and i'm positive that you'll love it! :)
it's a really huge place over there, and so many visitors/foreigners went to put chains and locks over there!
it's so much fun!
( it's indoors and outdoors!)
(it's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real everland!)
its really amazing there, itll blow your mind
it's almost like paradise there
i found an injured pure white bird (dove i guess?)
what do i feed it?
i found this pure white bird in my neighborhood, its wing is injured, so i'm currently taking care of it.
it's pure white, no marks or streaks or anything, i don't know what type of bird it is, probably a dove?
what should i feed it?
(because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) is there any specific food i might find at any pet shop?
doves are a species of pigeon ,they are seed eaters, they do not eat bread,or worms.
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it.
as they can drink a lot.
its jacks aquarium and pets i believe. ?
anyways i feed them to my road sometimes.
if you have a pet store near buy some wheat,pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do,but do not feed bread.
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse?
i have two options
if not what transfers should i get on?
as i recall, this bus drops you off near the opera in paris.
you'll still have to take another bus or the metro down to montparnasse.
i use gimp and its not cutting it, looks terrible.
any programs that you use please list :) thx
you could also try this in gimp.
it will give you a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white photo looks:
open your image while it's still in color
but best is obviously photoshop cs5 or if your on a macbook theres aperture :)
depends what you want from "b&w"... many programs will use a generic b&w...
i want to go to thailand to do my boob job from south africa but looking for the cheapest surgeons yet also good in his artwork on a humans body .
cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for. .
do you really want to put your faith in some clinic doctor.
i know i wouldn't.
you need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like bumrungard hospital or yanhee hospital.
would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too?
when you have invasive surgery you could also get infections, accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too!
if they screw up you could be in worse shape than you are now!
they do outstanding work.
when i open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay.
i must through it away .
if you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd understand this.
i've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food.
when you read the label its easy to understand why.
i've had cats for 35 years and i only feed them dry food.
they have done very well and like the dry food better.
it had better nutritional value and its also less expensive.
canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents and you're paying for a high moisture content instead of food content.
you'll also have less spoilage.
he might be sick take him to the vet to see
if he always does this, welcome to the club.
my oldest female and youngest male do this - i just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver (cooked) for the anemic one, some arthritis stuff for the oldest.
even if you mash it with a spoon he can't do that,
i love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is, not how talented he is.
if you took some olympic-level horses on a trail ride, they just couldn't do it.
it doesn't matter how graceful your horse is, or how high he can jump, or how well he does a sliding stop.
what matters is how well trained he is, and how good your bond it.
that is another reason why i like competitive trail riding also.
you have to spend the time training.
those are just a few reasons why i love trail riding, competitive or not.
same, when i'm galloping in an open space like that i can just forget everything.
seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal.
i have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer.
also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and i just sat and watched.
i have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock, and 10 lbs of live carribean sand.
i am aware of the maintenance involved in keeping a tank this size.
i am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1.024.
i have a 10 gallon filter on it.
i also have a powerhead, getting another soon.
i have a few questions, first i want to start a sump filter, but i have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work.
how would i need to set a sump for this 10 gallon?
do i need a protein skimmer or any other equipment?
unless the tank has a built in overflow box (which i'm certain it doesn't) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump.
on the other end of the sump, you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank.
if you're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank, getting a protein skimmer wouldn't be a bad idea.
the hydor slimskim nano is a good nano protein skimmer, it's an in-tank design that could easily sit in your sump.
from what i understand they're pretty much the same thing.
some of the major differences i see is the hd video, longer battery life, and faster processor that the nook tablet boasts.
i don't want an ipad or kindle.
i just want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read.
yes, i know about the kindle fire but that's not what i want (: does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars?
well i recently bought the nook color, and i have to say that i am very happy with it.
it is like a mini tablet itself!
so i say you should go for the more updated nook tablet.
i'm pretty sure it'll be worth it.
judging by nook tablet's processor it's supposed to be quite faster!
basically nook tablet it has more memory, better battery life and a better processor and a microphone.
hey there, i'm trying to find a restaurant in philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday.
he's pretty much an "i love american food, good drinks on occasion, laid back." kind of guy. ;)
i want to take him somewhere where there's going to be awesome burgers/american food, atmosphere (preferably a tavern/pub style would be nice), good service, and all around a great time. =)
i'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's.
oh my, you asked this question at the perfect time.
it is all about this very subject ... bars and food.
it lists places all over the city and suburbs.
if you're looking for a good burger, some great fries (they are too die for!), and good drinks, go to chickie & pete's!
oh my gosh, they are great!
if you go, make sure you order the crab fries, you won't regret it :)
i'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and i just want to know how to properly set it up.
i'm still a beginner.
any and all suggestions on what i need to do and buy will help.
when you get the tank make sure you wash the inside (with plain water) then you wash the gravel (with only water too) take out all the stuff that is floating on top.
you add the water and put water conditioner into the water.
if everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home.
lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface.
ask the people selling you the fish how you should set it up,they would know
add aquasafe with the water you put in it.
make sure if you get new fish that they get along with one another.
is it possible to shoot lazers out of your wang?
i would like to learn how
i see youre still recovering from the accident.
you appear to be feeling better though.
know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang.
while they are extremely accurate, laser sights do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target.
therefore, you must learn to shoot manually.
you have two screws that attach the sight to the wang.
i have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the 'nest cage' because he and the mother were fighting.
he was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there, were the baby was too.
she feeds well the baby on her own, the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night...
i have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything...he/she sleeps.
budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual.
when the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he can't produce milk.
it's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm.
if the baby is feathered yet - which i'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine.
can i text from canada to the united states?
ok maybe that isn't the right question, but my question is can you text from a united states number when your in canada, can you send texts to another united states number?
and do you get charged for it?
im sorry if i couldn't say the question right.
i hope somebody understands what i mean
they will, however, cost a bunch.
the phones and networks are compatible, so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a cheap cell phone company..
yes you can, but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international plan.
ye$ you can text in canada to the u$ on a u$ number.
it varie$ company to company.
you may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to canada.
email usually free if you use a wifi connection.
$ometime$ it is hard to explain that you are making an international call and all of the phone companie$involved what $ome of your money.
hope you unde$tood the me$$age i do have an "s" key on my computer.
i need help with my syrian hamster !!!?
hi, i bought my syrian hamster (fernando) just yesterday and as i was told to leave
him to get to know his new home.
as i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now.
why, how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???
secondly, that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night.
he willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit.
you only got him yesterday.
once he has properly settled down, got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine.
once he is more comfy with his surroundings, then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more.
so i just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways.
also that, i heard in the next few years fujairah would be as good as dubai, is it true?
i'd be happy if someone helps, especially someone who has been to fujairah or lives there. :)
i live there!
... ive been living in fujairah my entire life and i must say that it is developing in a good way.
i think 2012 is going to be a great year for fujairah as we have alot of projects to be done by 2012.
its between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains!
... fishing, jet skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun.
and now they are finishing a road between fujairah and dubai in 45 minutes only!
so, no it is not as good as dubai, but its quieter and more peaceful, and you can still go to dubai in 45 mins.
please let me know if you need anything else
don't know the economics of fujairah but dubai is basically bankrupt so you wouldn't want to end up like them!
unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - i would think twice about it!
i don't know should i buy ps3 or x-box kinect.
i'm a little afraid when i buy ps3 or x-box then a newer version comes out.
no matter when you buy you will get a newer version.
i feel x-box is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years, its very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the user interface and the joystick....coz you dont wana hold a joystick that gives you discomfort.
performance - you get the same in all, just get a good tv.
i don't know about the playstation situation but i do know that microsoft has said they don't see the xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime.
since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new xbox so they don't plan on making another one for a while.
i do know they have already announced a new wii though and i don't know what sony has said about playstation but again, if you get an xbox (which i personally think is the best anyways) you should be set for a while.
in fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another; and then he bounces back like nothing has happened.
i did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live, however different sources give wildly different lifespans.
is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive been looking at?
ive had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat i've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional.
i knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21.
i thought that i had gained my cockatiel's trust, but now he's not coming to me when i open his cage.
what do i do?
birds are hard to gain trust with, but it's lost so easily!
a simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being afraid of you.
keep his cage open and go on your computer, or read a book, etc and maybe he will come out to you.
this with ruin your bond, and you probably won't have another chance to build one.
he might never be a cuddly, loving, tame bird, but you can still have a friendly bond.
but then again he could be!
like my dogs, they really like me and trust me, but when i open the door to get them outside, they run from me, they know i'm going to take them outside and they don't like it.
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage, and birds don't usually like cages.
so, i don't think the bird don't trust you, but still don't like the cage.
hi im a big fan of breyer horses!
my breyers need stables or barns though.....and i need directions and materials on how to make them.
i would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit.
and i need to know where to buy the materials.
please make this as simple as you can for my dad doesnt really not that good.
note:if i see a answer that i love i will make my best right there and then
figure out how many stalls you want, then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse,
there are many small details, that you would have to work on as you go for doors and windows and roof,
check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts, you want carpenter wood glue, clamps, possibly small screws to hold corners together, miniature hinges, tape, paint, saws, drills, pencil ruler, paper, bryer horses
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood, or press-board, or plywood, and pre-cut 2by4 or slats, you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces,
how can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays?
i have a kitten who just turned 3 months today.
he's a good kitty, just when he plays he bites really hard.
almost every day he'd even wake me up like 5am in the morning, trying to bite my arm.
and when i move it i guess he figures i'm playing. x.x
i read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together, and keep it that way til he panics.
do you think he's teething?
it's getting out of hand.
yeah, i thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong.
no worries, i didn't try.
he does have toys, a scratching post, lots of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etc.
he'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting.
when i put him off of my bed, he jumps back on and same thing.
he may be teething but i dont think it can be stopped.
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up
yes do not hold any animals mouth shut it wil close their air way, hes just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys.
lots of them, feather ones work best, also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed, to show him that you will not tolerate that, he will get it, hes also probably teething, so toys are your best bet
hi, i want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage.
(apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover) which of these two cages is better:
i cant decide between height or width.
you always want to go higher rather than wider for rats.
they love to climb.
if you use this cage it's best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like.
i used one of these cages short term for a pet and it wasn't that great to be honest, pretty cheaply made, the door springs are annoying and it doesn't last very well.
these are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the names you may be able to find one second hand...better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly made new one imo.
i have this exact cage, bought from the exact ebay user.
its really good and the rat calculater says is big enough for 5 rats, but i would put a maximum of 4 in it really :)
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side.
from my understanding, if its heated from the bottom, my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate, but it has better heat distribution
if its from the side i dont have to worry about propping it up, but the snake can still burn itself if it slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it doesnt distribute heat as well?
i use uth's on all of my burrowing snakes.
they will move if they get too warm-it's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs.
i usually put my own natural rock over the uth and they are perfectly fine.
i have over 40 corns, kings, and milks and have never had a problem with the uth system.
i now use a 75watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner
my bday is saturday :) and i wanna have breakfast/lunch with my fam.
i was gonna have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places i know are denny's and ihop.
oh and btw i live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^
i would strongly suggest "the breakfast club" in chicago.
you can definately plan on a great meal with reasonable prices.
they have fabulous french toast too.
if you'd rather dine at home, simply call in your order with our take-out service.
we're at the corner of hubbard and noble.
unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the l.a. section.
after the sinking of the titanic in 1912, was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking?
sorry, i'm just very nervous after watching the movie.
today, it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships, regardless of country of registration.
if you ever go on a cruise ship, you will be required to attend a solas muster drill (lifeboat drill) within 24 hours of sailing.
we are much safer today on board ship due to solas, and i suppose if any good came out of the titanic tragedy, the adoption of solas is probably it.
i don't think so
when was the last time you heard about a ship sinking?
what are some fun things i could do while in japan?
i'll be in okinawa for about a week so i was wondering what are some fun things i could do?
i'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything.
besides the obvious tourist spots which i already have planned for.
it doesn't have to be underground it could be any type of music.
the best thing you can do in okinawa is to go to a beach.
otherwise, you can do what you can do in other parts or japan, like shopping, eating, etc.
or you can visit temples or shrines in okinawa.
well first you can try speaking japanese.
you can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious, fresh sashimi/sushi lunch upstairs.
try the local sake too if you can.
it's a special kind.
i'm not sure that there's much nightlife in naha.
it's more of a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etc.
you might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya (pub) somewhere.
i was playing a video game that has a m16 vietnam model, and in the game it's 3-shot burst.
my brother said they only had full-auto and semiautomatic during vietnam.
than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self-cleaning, which it wasn't.
once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly (even with the dirtier powder) the vietnam era m-16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for.
the screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and mcnamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the military.
you play too much cod ;p
is it ok to holiday in christchurch since the earthquakes?
is it safe to go to rotarua, since the earthquakes?
i'm assuming this was in reference to the january earthquake, don't worry, it was very deep, so nothing was effected :)
as for christchurch, yes the aftershocks are still happening, but these are fairly small - you can feel them, but the don't do any damage.
since lots of people are still living there, then it must be fine to visit.
i'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area, but if not then there would be some in close by towns.
despite the aftershocks i would recommend going to christchurch, just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes.
(ps. i'm assuming you'll stop off in wellington, and since its summer, may i recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos?
just recently discovered them last time i was down there, they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
loads of places have geographical hazards, if you are constantly paranoid, you'll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure.
yes it's ok.
what size horse do i need?
im around 5'2 - 5'4 , 11 years old and im wondering what size horse i'll need that i wont grow out of quickly?
i would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc.
but i would go for the base number of 15hh.
it's "tall" being it's bigger than a pony, but it's on the small end for a horse.
a taller horse doesn't always mean a horse you can't handle.
also keep in mind whether you want to be able to jump up from the ground, if you even need to, etc.
you just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is, you can handle it.
i'm5'3-4" and am 21 well will be in nov and my horse is 14.2hh and she's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block.....only with a saddle though haha i can't bareback, not yet
if you don't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14'2 ..
anything smaller you will grow out, anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and manage, especially when riding.
the iguazu falls are easily accessible and, dependent on your time restrictions and budget, you can get to the area by either bus or plane.
i am going to try and study aboard but idk where i can go i cannot decide where do you think would be the best place to go?
where would you go?
i have never been anywhere out side my home town charlotte north carolina please help!!!!
you speak the language and will have more fun.
you will be able to have a good time there.
as you're from the states you'll have much more fun in london.
i was told to leave a restaurant because i ordered water with my meal (apparently this is "washing down" your food") and not ordering wine.
you'll need to have intermediate french to have a good time in paris.
it's beautiful and the people are extremely friendly.
i used to live in london for 6 months and it's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world (i've been to 45 countries in 5 years).
however, if you're allowed another option and you want a small-town feel, then head to edinburgh, scotland.
i lived there for 8 months.
i also highly recommend staying with a french family.
i did this at age 13 in champagne, france and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing.
also known as the personal travel allowance, travellers allowance fee, travellers assistance fund, travellers assurance fund and numerous other forms of “i have to have wodges of your cash or they won’t let me fly”.
there is no such thing any more, anywhere, it’s an online dating scam."
just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name, birthdate, home address, etc or that you were not conned into sending money.
there is no such thing as a bta or "basic travel allowance"-this is 100% a scam-as the first poster said,cut off any and all contact with this person-they are not who or what they are claiming to be.
the below site from the us government verifies this-it's the same for canada ,too.....
how can i make my jack dempsey reproduce?
i have a mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate
he's the issue, you are trying to "make" them mate.
it doesn't work.
first you need a compatible pair.
then the need to be mature, that is, old enough, and big enough to breed.
the difference is what they need to live, vs what's ideal for them.
get that right, and they will mate when they are ready.
you can't make them mate, you can only encourage them.
now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat for 3-5 days.
they may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked.
when the males aggressive behavior stops, it is ready to spawn.
the two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them.
i have a 1 1/2 year old female calico.
when she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney.
recently she has been peeing a lot.
i'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some.
she is also peeing around the box and somehow it gets underneath.
i don't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it's getting to be an issue.
i have to scrub the floor 2-3 times a week now.
what could be the issue and can i try some home remedies first?
i love her and want to help her but i don't know when i'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help.
first of all, i am very sorry to hear you're having this issue with your cat. :(
given the chance your cat may only have one kidney, i would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal failure.
signs of this can be hard to spot, and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet.
in the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her.
i want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program.
i got only 63 points while 67 minimunm is requirement.?
can i apply with 63 points?
according to the citizenship and immigration canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states "note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing."
you should check for updated information on a regular basis."
and between the time i began my research and the time i applied, the minimum score did change once.
but i got lucky because i qualified under another category to become a permanent resident.
good news ... i found a web page run by canadian immigration lawyers at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .
here is what they posted there
"4. may i qualify under the skilled worker category even if i score less than 67 points?"
"if the canadian immigration visa officer believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become economically established in canada, the canadian immigration visa officer may use his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation) and approve your application even though you score less than 67 points."
sure you can apply.
why have a "minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?
i'm mad and don't know what to do!
alright, so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but i never got around to it.
it said it was in january but still!!!!
so i kept reading and then i saw the dates, it was from mid day friday and arriving home mid day monday. :(
then i think i just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates.
don't get me wrong i want to go, but for 2 days -_- i mean seriously.
we are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in florida and staying only 2 days.
****sigh**** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but i mean really!
a least your going.!
enjoy those 2 days it better then not going at all.!
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places, i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go. :d
well, i mean, you don't have to be mad about it.
at least you get to go to florida in january.
and, having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family.
enjoy it while you can, and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time.
if they don't like it, it'll only be two days, remember?
hope you have a crapload of fun!
have a look at this, it may help.
hope it helps!
i'm american and i am going to the uk for the first time, what should i expect?
i just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the uk before so that i know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything.
do you get your visitors visa immediately at the airport?
i was told that americans automatically get a six months visitors visa.
do you have to go through a medical exam right away?
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates?
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say its a routine thing when entering another country.
i honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute- which i really don't have the money for.
you do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice.
above is the link to the department of state travel website, which will give you all the info that you need, including passport information.
it is free.
you should be fine with just a passport, unless you're staying longer than six months.
you should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though.
i am not sure how well you planned this trip.
you'll have a great time, so no worries there.
just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated, and you'll be fine.
what would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female?
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks?
you don't say what color silkie or sussex you are dealing with so i can't say what color your chicks would be likely to be.
however, i can say what features they would/could have.
so crossed to a sussex you could get a walnut, pea, rose, or single combed bird.
hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger, can see better, and are smarter the silkies.
i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000.
what do you think of these photos?
http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000 (see links above).
what do you think of these photos?
deleting a question where you dont like the answer won't get you better answers... i refer to my previous answer:
you need to learn about white balance, composition, angle, and work on using the camera properly...
[edit - and she most be very new to modeling, because she does look unsure of her poses)
lol, he has posted this so many times today already.
clearly hes mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it's not his gf
in the photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot.
compositionally, this one is not my favorite, i would suggest trying a different crop because i dont think cutting her off at the calf looks great.
i do like the shadow, though.
my suggestion is to pay close attention to what's going on in the background and if possible, stand on a chair, get on the ground, do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements.
i've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background i didn't notice at first.
as far ask i’m aware our most unique custom would be the “country wake”.
i my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century.
the irish customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter ,barn brack and col-cannon for halloween.
i'm unsure of this, because once i watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she didn't react to seeing another cat on tv.
i heard that a company (here is a link: http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html ) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs, complete with squeaky chew-toy sounds, and high pitched sounds that humans can't hear.
i wouldn't know--i don't particularly like scary movies, and i haven't tried this with my pet.
although, i don't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time; i am sure they'll forget sometime--or am i wrong?
the pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60hz, which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture.
so they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them.
so chances are that if your dog likes to watch t.v., it’s probably because of the sounds.
hearing is a dog’s secondary sense, and i will discuss that in another blog entery.
yes they do.
im pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen
how much should i be looking at for horse transportation?
i need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season, and the location is about 3 hours away from where i live.
the place where i'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far, and i do not have any ways of hauling him myself.
so i want to hire someone (or multiple people) to transport me to these shows.
if they ask how much i'm willing to pay, what is a good price range?
i saw a site that charges $0.70 per mile.
impossible to say, but i guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that, and some on top for the driver's time and effort, unless you are able to share transport with another or more, that would keep the costs down.
remember that you get what you pay for.
three hours isn't far, but you are doing multiple shows.
some people are willing to take your horse, but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world.
i had my horse transported from ca to wa and he came on this big, open stock trailer.
he was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight.
since then, i now use a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for water, and their trailers all have super smooth suspension.
all horses i've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive.
i would call bob hubbard transport and get a quote.
even though you may not want to use them, it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair.
make sure the trailer service you use is bonded/insured and knows something about first aid.
do they have this anywhere?
i want to take a cruise around the world.
i mean literally around the world if possible.
first of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess.
second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to?
like you can pick the destinations?
but if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere.
prices listed, however, are usually based on two people in a cabin, and you will likely face some high "single supplement" costs in addition.
you may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via cruisecompete).
2. short of chartering your own ship and crew, i don't see any way you could customize your own itinerary.
travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy.
however: you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin, even if it is just you.
so any price you find, double it figure, $40k at least.
as the southeast asians and philipinos came over, they added to the cultures.
the other ethicities weren't well represented in politics yet--or rather, they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open-minded hippy generation.
it was not so long after civil rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact.
you never saw black muni drivers, asian police, latino politicians until then.
it was an evolution.
we did not have big percent of chinese migration until the mid 90s.
we had fewer people running across the mexican border then.
we had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted.
we had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until willie brown was elected.
edit: my memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time.
i am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet, but my parents said that it has to stay outside.
we also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thing.
there is already a little dog house that i would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and i was thinking about keeping the rabbit in the run with the chickens, but keeping the chickens in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night.
however, in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens?
we feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day, but it's nothing that a rabbit wouldn't be able to digest just fine.
so, can rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for their food and water?
(the rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough for the rabbit, the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food) also, is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed?
my last rabbit did that a few times, and he was fine...
i just wanna make sure :) thank!
yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(i mean not roosters),roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of that,hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets!
you said they live in different cages and they are free in day,so no problem,don't put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that of hens,wet bedding can cause diseases in them!
yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender.
we have made a furnace as such, we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom, filled the pipe with brass scrap, surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot, everything got red hot but did not melt.
what am i doing wrong
i would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
i'll just echo both other answers.
molten brass is damn hot and usually it's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen.
even if you did melt it, i doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it.
it's really too advanced for a beginner, both in tooling and safety.
just the zinc fumes will get you, if you don't take precautions.
pewter is perfect for what you are doing, and it melts on a stove top.
i would recommend to start with something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much more reasonable melting point.
brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and i would think your charcoal just doesn't get hot enough.
i bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal (e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal, not barbecue charcoal).
i have done a fair amount of metal casting, but never tried to build my own furnace, but i think your version is just too small and doesn't get hot enough.
i have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch (much larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill).
i melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm
you might be able to make a version of your setup work, but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air.
i use propane with a blower and a burner i built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
they could not find any cafes or food shops that provided halal prepared foods.
its important to their religion that they only consume halal food.
even if you buy a cake in a bakers you can not be too what happens in the kitchen, for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham.
its simply not just a case of avoiding pork, alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat, but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods.
we all enjoy buying a snack when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday.
its not fair if some people have to go without buying food because no place will provide suitable food for them.
i think its only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every british catering establishment will be halal.
when i went to bosnia, all the meat was halal.
i will not eat halal meat, so guess what, i opted for foods which weren't a meat dish, there were plenty of other options.
i could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way i prefer to eat it.
when you go to another country, you live by their way of life and their laws, if you don't like it, you know how to get back out the country (but i guess our benefits system is too much to throw away, huh).
cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food groups anyway, they normally have blue for bakery items, red for cooked meat, brown for raw meat, etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policies.
it will become eu law in a couple of years.
we can't dictate what business wants to open where.
if someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places.
they don't know anything about ball pythons.
when i ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house.
she has no experience with snakes and has never held one.
i did all my research and am well prepared to keep one, i'm 14 by the way
maybe if they see how much time and effort you've devoted to researching the animal they'll reconsider.
be helpful around the house to show that even if you can't pay for it yourself that youre willing to work for it.
once you've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be.
prove, to your parents' satisfaction, that you, not they, will be the one actually taking care of your new pet.
2. save up, and research, so that you are ready for your new pet.
if you can find a pet at a shelter, or that a friend needs to get rid of because they're moving or whatever, you might be able to talk your parents into "giving it a good home" where you might not be able to talk them into buying a new pet.
once you're there, ask if you can hold a ball python.
once you're holding it, try to get her to touch/pet it...
my snake's meal is too big, what can i do?
just today i bought a medium rat for my beloved ball python salazar (name after harry potter).
last time i got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily.
but today, i got a boy and realized that he is huge!
i really do love my snake cause she is actually an affectionate cold-blooded creature.
so my true question comes to this, how can i knock the rat out?
if i threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away, do i hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull?
i really do need answers and advice, and not insulting answers!!
iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once, snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing, so why not give her a good hunt, but if you do want him knock him id just throw him against the wall or something,, lol i dont know, i agree with you though throw him, haha
ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed, you can "gas it".
just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it.
if it won't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface, like a refrigerator or wall.
i don't like that option though - i think it's pretty cruel and i'd not done properly you'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake.
i would do the tupperwear idea tbh - easiest and most humane.
you could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point, it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive.
my opinion - take it for what it's worth… :-)
i am a 20 something gay black male and i am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown toronto area.
you may consider the gay village on church street, right downtown.
it is full of gay friendly "everything".
but, you could live where ever you fancy takes you.
for obvious reasons, knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city, you should probably try to be near the subway system.
but, can you immigrate?
being an american guarantees you no favours when it come to going to canada.
start your process here, if you haven't already.
a normal processing time, unless you have an advanced degree or a "specified" skill is from 3 - 5 years.
you must apply, to become a immigrant, and wait to be approved, by the canadian government.
it is a competition, and you will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others, from all over the world, for a place in the line up.
if you have not begun the application process's now< you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by immigration canada.
whatever you do ...............do not try to come here with out legal permission.
you will not be able to seek work or take a job, in canada, with out having to show your immigration visa and canadian social insurance number card to any potential employer.
do it properly, and legally, and you will be ok.
i have a 4 months shih tzu puppy.
recently i'm having trouble training him.
he is kind of hate walking with leash, every time i put the leash on, he will try to bite it.
and he is not following me when i was walking.
i saw lots of videos about this, but actually it didn't help.
and every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them, doesn't listen to me.
last thing is every time i sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he can't, he will bark all the time until i let him get on, what should i do with this ?
hi, i am a dog trainer for 25 yrs.
this way, he cannot reach the leash to chew it.
when he swivels his head to go for it anyway, tell him sharp "uh uh" gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk.
do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash.
he is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training.
you want your dog to admire you as his pack leader, not fear you.
why dont you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right.
or, as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv, get a clicker type thing and treats as well.
try to train him to heel, which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash, and he may do that.
or you could even spray some scented spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably, if you act quick enough, will stay on the leash.
what sort of hotel could i expect to find in new delhi/agra/varanasi for rs500 per night?
i'm looking to visit india with some mates at the beginning of february next year and i am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for rs 500 per person per night.
there would be four of us so we would probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for rs1000, close to the centre of these cities.
this would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good (not relying on pictures from the internet) and is in a spot we like.
in delhi i'd recommend ajay guesthouse.
must say, in delhi it's hard to get good price/quality rating.
i have found this hotel in the lonely planet guide.
it's in an area starting with a p, many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice.
in varanasi i don't know.
i've stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor?
also, while travelling ask people where they've been and if they have any hotel recommendations.
in agra i've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the rough guide.
it was nice and close to the taj.
it was quite easy to find something.
ive paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean.
you may find a normal budget hotel for rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned, the links below may help you to find good hotels in delhi and agra.
it is in karol bagh.
it is centrally situated.
i have a hamster, and mice and rats like to escape.
the guinea pig is better because its a lot larger than a hamster, rat, mouse, or degu.
so if you lose him, he is easier to find, because smaller rodents just love to escape from their cages.
(plus they dont stink that bad)
depends on what you want in a pet, to be honest.
also depends on the space you have, how much time you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc.
i've had experience with all of those pets except degus.
they're incredibly social, highly trainable, and very clean.
the only downside is they should be kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat.
that means expense, space, and they require weekly cage cleaning.
they, too, need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit.
i could handle my mice, but they where skittish and preferred their cage.
we have two.
they are social and like to be handled.
you have to have two because they don't do well alone.
make certain you get two females.
two males can fight and you definitely don't want babies!!
they will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuce.
they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos, celery, cucumbers, carrots.
don't feed them broccoli, cauliflower, garlic, onions, head lettuce ....they are all too difficult for them to digest.
also they can't eat potatos, they are toxic for them.
if you keep the cage clean they don't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them, just massage it into their coat and groom them.
this is my first experience and i have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wits end.
i do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but they are ruining my apartment.
they track poop everywhere (most disgustingly my bed....), and am constantly trying to climb up everything, including my bare legs!
i realize they are young and that cats do climb, but this is just ridiculous.
my apartment also smells repulsive even though i am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice.
that's kind of the way it goes..lol.
if you have limited options, try the bathroom.
depending on the batch of kittens, i will often have as many as one per kitten.
they can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy.
for some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop.
also if they have diarrhea, check in with your foster coordinator.
they made need medication or deworming or something.
they are testing out their claws and teeth.
to some degree you can/should help teach them not to use their teeth and claws inappropriately.
but in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens.
get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy.
try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are.
if you still don't enjoy the kittens, see what other opportunities are available.
they may need foster homes for adult cats in different situations.. sick, recovering from surgery, need a little socialization, etc.
i find the adults are much easier.
generally they're not clawing and biting, they don't make nearly as much mess, they don't need nearly as much litterbox scooping, etc :)
and do more research before you agree next time ;-)
it depends on if you ever registered the birth.
some places do the registration right at the hospital....in some smaller places, you need to register your child's birth at the town hall/registrar's office.
i didn't know that i didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork i had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days.
two years later when i got around to filling for his birth certificate, i find out he was never registered.
i had to call the office of the registrar general in thunder bay, have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me, as they don't have an online area for it yet, fill those out, send them away, then apply for his birth certificate.
if you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time, its simple to do it over the computer.
for $56 you can even have it expedited and will get in three business days or your money back.
you just need basic information, and answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at/who was the doctor....
none, just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity.
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence, or just look up the record and hand you the certificate.
you can probably do it all on-line.
start here if you were born in ontario.
if you were born elsewhere, start here.
my parents didn't send for my birth certificate until i was 16 and needed it for summer employment.
it was no problem to get provided the birth was registered in the first place.
i add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in canada or to canadian parents.
as long as that was done you can send for it at any time.
each provincial government has a website that lists the process for that province so depending upon where you were born you can google it.
only if you have been on board *both* !!
for our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the carnival liberty and the royal caribbean mariner of the seas.
usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward.
we felt that the main shows on the mariner of the seas were better.
if you love seeing the shows, royal caribbean was better for the main shows and carnival was slightly better for the comedians.
dining room we enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the liberty and mariner of the seas.
we felt that the menu had a little more variety on the mariner of the seas.
we did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the mariner.
we had a slightly better experience on the liberty, but feel that both crews did an excellent job and that this should not be a distinguishing factor on choosing a cruise.
they both had pools for kids and adults.
if you have kids, this would be something that they would definitely enjoy.
we did not try the spa on the mariner of the seas.
usually you can't go wrong when getting a spa treatment......
i really want to travel when i leave school!
where in the states could i go?
have you every traveled before?
how long should i go for to each place?
(i have 1 year before collage!)
&also how much money would i need?
so i can start saving now hehe
i mean when i graduate & yes, college, sorry for the typo.
not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you've never traveled before and you don't put where you would be traveling from.
what do you like to do?
do you speak a foreign language?
i could spend a year in spain alone.
i've traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget, actual time allowed, your likes and dislikes.
do you want to see all the sites or simply a few photos and on your way to the next place.
does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place?
you need a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the sites, food, local transport - you name it but life costs.
once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you'll be able to figure out where you can go, for how long you can go and what you can do when you're there.
i recommend buying a single unlimited europass and travelling anywhere in the eu your heart desires.
you can't beat the price for what you get.
how do you make your cat adjust to a new house?
me and my family are moving into a new house just outside a small town.
we are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road.
we have had the cat for 10 years and dont want to leave it.
how could we make it settle in a new house.
you are not just moving house - your cat is losing his territory.
territory is very important to cats, and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators, or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so.
you will need to give him only a small place to explore, so he can make it his territory, and feel safe there.
you will need to get his box and bowls, and whatever blanket and toys are his, and smell like home, and put him in a room.
he will feel much safer in that one room, than in a huge unknown house.
he will explore the room, mark everything with his cheek, and try to make it feel like his territory.
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there, and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else's territory when he is in a new house.
he will be freaked out, so going back to his territory will make him much happier.
extend the time he is out each day, but for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to sleep.
soon he will make the whole house his, but he needs that one safe place to start from.
remember to visit with him while he is in the room, and tell him how good he is.
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time.
he might even start peeing on things in fear.
in time though she/he will adjust. :)
they just do it on their own.
i just adopted a 2 year old male german shepherd with major bad behaviors?
last night, i adopted a 2 year old male german shepherd.
(he is 92 pounds) he does not listen to any commands, but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command, or even with me.
i will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away.
my other major problem is that he will not get in his crate.
i will get a treat and try to get him in there that way, it wont work.
he wont even get close to the crate.
if i come towards him, he will run away.
how do i train him to feel comfortable in his crate?
he wont do anything on command.
its very frustrating.
i have a 9 month old german shepherd that i raised from a puppy.
i trained her myself.
she is crate trained, potty trained, and can sit, lay down, stay, come, fetch, and will even stay in a down position while i throw a treat across the floor or even right next to her paw, and she wont get it until i give her the command.
i just dont know how to do it with a grown dog.
she tosses me around like its nothing!
...but basically, what i do is the same thing i did with my puppy...lots of patience, lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....right?
is there any tricks i could use?
you have to be in command at all times.
i would start with a leash.
let your dog go in when he wants to for no reason.
at some point he will feel ok with this and you can then close the door but not for long at all.
open the door and let him out and see how he acts.
if you push it, it will never work.
he will learn to really like this.
have patience with him, you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home.
where can i find the best tours to the mekong delta at reasonable prices?
will only be in ho chi minh for 4 days and i am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to mekong delta.
i have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great.
should i just settle and book on line?
or is it better if i wait till i get there?
if i wait, would the tours i find there for less money be the same quality type tours?
if you want reliable and inexpensive... try sinh cafe/tourist.
the are located right at 248 de than st. in the heart of the back packer district.
i have taken this tour and it was great.
i did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful.
i don't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was.
and no, i do not work for them. :)
i am just a satisfied customer.
it is a tour agency and they have their own buses etc.
there isn't much to see in the delta, it's a lifestyle not a resort area.
if you're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to my tho (near where we live) or can tho.
from either of those cities, you can venture out and spend a day in the country.
most of the tourists that i've come across buy tours along the my tho waterfront.
you take a boat across the river, then spend a day biking, eating at a local restaurant, buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists.
the countryside is very beautiful, especially if you have a few months (or years) to get to know the place.
ps, if you make it to thanh pho ben tre, stay a night at my friend ken's hotel.
it's a little hard to get to by foot, they're rebuilding the bridge, but you can get someone to moto-taxi you there for a dollar or less.
he's an ex-pat from new zealand and he's been in town for awhile.
he'll set up a real tour of the area for you, not some tourist fantasy.
have a good trip where-ever you end up.
we went with intrepid as a part of their north to south vietnam trip, but they do offer this one day separately.
i mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga.
any good poses or programs (i'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $20) to help specifically with leg stabilization?
because i don't feel like spending over $20 on a freakin dvd
i also have back problems that transfer into my legs.
here is what i do now and it really helps....
when i first get on i take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena.
then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as i can, so they are not touching the saddle.
then a lap doing scissors, one leg forward as far as i can and the other back, then switch legs.
i'll also trot doing, down 2 beats, up one for a wile, then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet.
if the weight is going into your heels (it throws your leg forward) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot.
btw you dont want your leg locked in place, it will move with the horse a bit.
when i first started doing it i'd do it every day.
now i just do it once or twice a week or as needed.
what are you having problems with?
i wouldn't bother with yoga i'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem, ride bareback, with no irons, theres also a way to ride on your knees?
ya i really wouldn't bother with the yoga
maybe a back brase will help, sometimes my back really gets to me and i've thought about getting one.
with your leg flopping, just try putting all your weight in your heel and hangon with only your legs, holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it's forward the more it flops :/ work your calf muscles, maybe try standing on the edge of your steps (on the ball of your foot) and balance to strengthen those muscles
you don't want to spend more than $20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses?
i really can't help you.
he has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit lastnight.
i thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and wouldnt drink any water.
i took him to the animal hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal.
the vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics.
is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis?
i have tryed to give him water but he wont take it.. what should i do?
i dont want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food?
they didnt take x-rays they offered them but i just couldnt afford anymore treatment.
i feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wont be buying grocerys for the next few weeks.
i will give them and call and see what they say.
ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time.
seince he recieved the fluids lastnight he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days.
1) it is not normal for dogs to be vomiting, much less to have blood in it.
however, if they have been vomiting numerous times, then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines.
he could also have parvovirus, a gi foreign body, or any number of things.
2) your vet would not prescribe them if they didn't think it would be helpful.
3) if he shows no interest in water, then take him back to your vet.
it could be due to nausea or any number of things.
he could become severly dehydrated (especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea).
from there you end up with electrolyte imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problems.
they should have discussed a bland diet with you, including the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sitting.
it sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized, and put on iv fluids to help his hydration, administer the antibiotics iv, and to ensure that he starts to recover.
you should absolutely call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about.
they have seen your pet, and are most aware of his condition.
you need to ask your vet these questions.
my vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot, it could be a sign of obstruction.
did they do any x-rays?
i don't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment.
you should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not.
i'm in my 20's and currently studying in france.
however, i've read on the internet that the french dating etiquette is totally different.
they are also very secretive about being in a relationship.
they only 'go out in the open' once they have reached a certain level of seriousness.
is it true?
she is friendly when we see each other on campus.
she is also nicer when we are both alone.
however, when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me.
she also seems to hate it whenever i ask her out on a date, to the point she said stop!
my mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along.
but the articles i read seemed to say the contrary.
have i just fallen victim in a cultural trap?
what you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios.
you are not french for a start, so the "rules" or "customs" may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from different backgrounds.
from what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear.
she is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .
she is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend.
at parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you, which is consistent.
take the messages for what they are: she has no objection in you being pals at uni, but she does not want to take matters further.
"non!" means "non", not "i might consider it, and i will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case."
you have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding.
what i have to add is that it is normal in france to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's nothing unusual in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants from you.
she probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level, and trying to make you understand that she doesn't want to go further.
if she is nicer when you are alone i'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend.
you do find the 'get the number hop in bed with her' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts.
i'm just trying to make up my mind whether i should move to australia or seek work in the sex industry.
i'm two years into an undergraduate degree.
everybody i know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available.
your answer doesn't do anything but remind me that i'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time i'm 22.
i really like you're answer.
it's very logical.
i've also considered becoming a teacher, but it's not a job i'm cut out for.
i also wish i'd applied for a scholarship.
i didn't think i'd be awarded one, but i received the dux litterarum award at high school, so my chances were probably better than i thought they were.
obviously i'm still completely stupid though.
i mean, i wasn't smart enough to apply for a scholarship.
and yes, i am being melodramatic.
*gasps* so i wouldn't make a good prostitute?
are you saying i'm bad in bed?
how would you know?
your answer is very sweet, but i'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students.
i'm studying to be a teacher, so i know that there will definitely be jobs out there when i'm done.
i may have to live somewhere rural or in auckland, but at least i can be pretty sure i'll be employable.
i've also got a bachelors degree so i can go back and do further study or take a different profession.
i also know that you don't get paid that much more in australia than you do here.
and it's not all about how much you earn, cost of living is much higher in many cities in australia.
you also have to put up with all the annoying accents in australia.
it's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan.
and they'll probably add interest to what you've already racked up.
at the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to new zealand for a short amount of time before they'll force you cough up.
and all that time you're overseas you'll be racking up interest.
i wouldn't like not having the option to return to nz.
i guess i'm extremely fortunate that i received a scholarship which paid about 800f my course fees through my degree.
but i worked hard and i'm still working hard.
there are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap.
i'm doing fine.
whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground, don't assume it's better in oz.
people have been fleeing this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20+ years, so it's not anything new.
it depends on what you hunger for.
i have a baby eastern king snake.
i have tried everything i can to get him to eat but he refuses.
he has a great environment, with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp.
according to the vet, he is healthy and looks good.
he has been going to the bathroom like he should.
(i know that snakes that have problems going to the bathroom won't eat.)
he has been drinking water (i am pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl, but also i have been feeding him water and he doesn't ever give me a problem with that - i just stick his head near the water and he sucks it down.)
i handle him every few days.
he is feisty, as most king snakes are, but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything.
i just love him to death.
i don't know why he won't eat though!
i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen (thawed) pinkies.
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is.
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he won't touch the pinky.
he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them.
he doesn't seem to know that they are food.
i have tried "braining" both live and dead pinkies, and bloodying them up to get his attention, but he doesn't care.
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice, and in used gerbil bedding.
i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake's face.
he wont even try to bite.
he hasn't eaten in an entire month.
i've only tried to feed him one at a time.
he's just a tiny baby, about the width of a pencil.
when you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him?
if you feed him too many he could just not be hungry.
if he doesn't seem interested in them at all i would say he's just not hungry.
my boyfriend has one and when she's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away.
they can smell it so i'm sure he knows what it is and just don't want it.
they have a natural instinct to hibernate.
you can tell when your king snake is about to shed, because its eyes will get milky looking.
it's natural and so long as you don't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about.
you see, some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go off their food.
they're fit and healthy and their care is suitable.
that's why it's good to have a python!
it's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month.
i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten.
the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out, and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing(chasing each other up and down the hall, rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other).
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine.
or were they actually fighting?
he has been "biting" at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so im wondering if he went a little to far that one time.
you did not leave the new kitten in the room long enough.
you need to do that for a least a week, or else this type of territorial fighting will happen.
right now, your male is fighting off an intruder, and he feels that all of the house is his.
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she doesn't now.
she knows she is invading someone else's territory, but can't help it, and has no where to go.
she will be able to sleep without being afraid.
when the door opens, he will get that the one room is hers, and he will be ok with that.
give them time to set up their territories, and once you bring the new kitten out, pay a lot of attention to the male.
you have brought someone else into his territory, and he needs to be reminded that you still love him, and support his claim to his space.
that will help to reassure him, and he will be less aggressive with her.
when they play fight, they don't hiss.
if they hiss, they are not playing.
if they bite, and one cries, you must separate them, and you must keep an eye on them.
hissing is ok, unless they start to fight.
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid, and she will relax.
it means they've gone too far.
when they start bleeding that means they're really fighting.
if they're going kinda slow and like fake biting (not biting as hard as they can), and fake scratching (not hitting as hard as they can with their paws) then they're playing.
i have two cats, and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial, but now they do fight and play.
that means they are fighting.
when they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing.
he refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years (before the next election in 1968).
he did not give them the number of troops they requested.
thing is, it worked.
the arvn was not having a big problem with the local vc (the guerilla movement), they were being challenged by the main force vc (which was light infantry) and the north vietnamese army (nva).
when the americans swept in with their search and destroy operations the communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the us firepower, and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take sanctuary across the borders in laos and cambodia.
they could not defeat the americans.
however, what they hoped to do during the tet offensive was to sneak past the americans and attack the arvn in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful clear and defend operations.
the communists thought they could defeat the arvn, cause the fall of the south vietnamese government, and the people would than rally to the communist cause and leave the americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants.
when give the ultimate choice, they rallied…
the people rejected their attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the us military (and the arvn) handed johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time-frame he ordered it.
all he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into laos and cambodia and finish off the shattered communist forces.
but johnson was so obtuse he didn’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter.
instead he pulled the military off, stopped the bombing of north vietnam, withdrew from the presidential race, and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to north vietnam.
they screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered it.
to emancipate the south, but it was a serious failure.
in that, they pretty much succeeded.
tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the americans thought they could preserve the south and that the north was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight.
try google to find the title if you would like to read it.
i just bought a baby one yesterday.
i have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat and provides beneficial uva rays important to the psycholical well-being of him.
my question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays" he needs?
i also was wondering how long should this light be on.
the lady at pet smart said 4 hours, but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours.
he's getting used to his new home, but hasn't eatin yet.
i have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze- dried crickets.
let me try to break this down as simply as i can: diurnal (active during the day time) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of "light," uva, uvb, and heat.
uvb will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp, unless you use a mvb (mercury vapor bulb) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both uvb and heat from one bulb.
i highly recommend that you do not use coiled/compact uvb bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and/or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining uvb output over time.
so, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it produces uva then you do not have "the sun's rays" that your bearded needs.
you need to also provide a source a uvb lighting.
the person at petsmart is very wrong; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you; they don't have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info.
freeze dried food is not a good staple food source; you need to offer live feeder insects.
bearded dragons are sight hunters, they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response, especially when they are babies.
i would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly:
if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day.
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as uv lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven.
as to what the light provides it gives uv rays..which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans.
yes, it gives him the "sun rays" necessary, that's what uva is.
and it should be on 10-12 hours, just like the sun would be up for 10-12 hours in his natural environment.
also, beardies often do not eat food that is not moving, so its anyone's guess whether or not he'll touch the freeze-dried crickets or the processed food.
i tell all my customers they can try it, but don't count on it.
i am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like, and i was wondering : which would not bite alot, and which are more fun to have as pets and i need to know which would be quietest i honestly dont care but my family does !
i did the same thing that you did for christmas.
i ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas.
at first it was all cool and all.
they were chirping and doing their every day business.
after a couple of weeks i got tired of them.
they are quite messy and you cannot hold or pet them.
ive tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed.
they dont want to be held or touched.
i want a bird that i can hold and do tricks.
i still have them and they are doing well.
a couple of months after i got parakeets/budgies.
they are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality.
i love them.
first of all they are very tame.
i tamed them in 4 days.
they can do tricks and they arent messy.
they are a big part of our family.
i hope this helps you with your decision.
they are both about the same noise level.
if you want a boy the cere (the nostrils piece above the beak) must be blue.
i would recommend that you get two parakeets.
they sometimes dont get along (you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though, two girls tend to fight a lot.
i have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy.
they are the best!
if you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that i used to tame them.
however if you plan on getting one, then get more than one at the same time they need company.
my mom told me how to tame them and i was very happy with the results.
it took me 4 days to get the new one to be able to step on and eat out of my hand.
these are the steps i used.
honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets.
hopefully they will work for you.
1) when you get the bird, place him or her or them in the cage.
i took the cage and place it next to the couch.
then i sat on the couch, placed one hand in the cage, holding a millet spray.
(this way the will associate your hand with food, and birds love food lol) then i turned on the tv and watch.
(you can take breaks if you have too) and repeat the steps after about 2 hours.
3) after about day 2, they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand.
(do not take away the food dish from the birds, they will associate you as the person who takes away their food)....
( the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you dont jump back or screem they will get used to you) they will have no choice but to go on your finger.
when they see that you arnt harming them, the will go up on your finger when you say up.
4) if they are not going up by now you just gotta keep trying and keep trying.
you have patience.
after a couple of weeks mines knows when i say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder, when i say up it means to jump up on my finger, when i say up and out it means up on my finger and out of the cage.
and when i say go home it means to go in the cage.
they worked for me and i hope they worked for you!
they are awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and thats my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch.
they are normally quiet and it is easy to take care of them.
they are also friendly.
i have a parakeet named cookie . :p
i graduate in the spring, and so we'd like to go between then and winter.
we don't want too many tourists, and since we'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of june to early november.
we don't want it to be too cold (not sure when exactly there fall is... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months), but we don't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either.
we're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier!
can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to ireland would be?
people do not go to ireland on holiday for the weather, it is unpredictable.
one thing you can be sure of about irish weather is how little you can be sure of.
it may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in february, but winter woollies in march and even during the summer.
the irish weather works on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle, which basic­ally means that you can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky.
in summer, from may to july, the days are reasonably warm and – most importantly – very long: at the height of summer you won’t need to turn on lights until after 10pm.
it is also peak tourist season, which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island, and prices are at their highest.
still, you have a better chance of some peace and quiet, and the weather can be surprisingly better in april and september than in mid-july – again, it’s all part of the uncertainty principle.
crowds are at their thinnest, but many of the country’s tourist attractions and services close down in october and don’t reopen until easter, which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how ireland is experienced by most of the irish: it’s cold, grey and dark by 5pm, but there’s always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down.
the thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you, clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up.
afraid i cannot be more helpful, it is really a case of pot luck, although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa.
if you mean the republic of ireland (dublin) then anytime.
the summer there is much more mild than most of the us (are you coming from the us?).
their seasons are the same as all the countries in the northern hemisphere but i would suggest fall.
it does get pretty cold in ireland so going before winter is your best bet.
rent a car and spend a couple days outside of dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime.
to explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a car because public transport is expensive & only goes as far as the main towns/cities, most rural places don't have a bus or train service.
you could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the cliffs of moher or dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists.
by definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way.
best weather the past couple of years has been around late april - late may but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets/boots etc.
we only had a few sunny days this summer, barely 24c on a few occasions, more like 14c most days.
we used our bbq on precisely 4 occasions.
the days start to shorten & it gets even wetter, windier & colder.
we had frosts in october so i wouldn't advise visiting late in the year to be honest, spring time is your best bet.
you do realise it is quite expensive to visit ireland?
you are going to need a few thousand dollars saved up for flights, insurance, food, accommodation & spending money.
eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to america i believe.
i have 4 golden wonder killifish.
the last one is colourful too but it is about 4cm long.
i feed them flakes, and live earthworms uncut everyday.
can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies?
if they are able to take earthworms uncut, that is really impressive!
i aspire to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the day.
i think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males.
if you would like more on sexing out aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below.
if you have plants in your tank.
(i've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer!
if you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop.
i prefer darker colors because i can see their eggs ,more easily and the fish look better next to them.
if you have the room to separate the male(s) & females(s),& feed them well on live foods, (assuming that you are doing weekly 50% water changes) when you put them together they will leave a lot more eggs.
just making up examples, but if a pair is constantly together, they may lay 10-15 eggs a day.
with extra blackworms and maybe frozen (defrosted, rinsed) frozen foods earlier in the day, they may leave 30-40 eggs at a time.
separated and feed extremely nourishing stuff, they may produce more.
they also start the day with no nicks or dings in their fins.
you also may need to treat the incubation water.
ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone.
2. have we kept up with partial water changes?
that indicates that they thrive in different water chemistries.
still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or tds (total dissolved solids) test, that may give you a hint.
they include a number of minerals there and you can figure out what percentage of that would be your hardness minerals (calcium, magnesium and iron).
ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs.
if you get eggs in the mail in a medicine vial, that is fine.
after a number of people began complaining about "mystery deaths"among incubating eggs, some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7-8 days of incubation, one should do a 100% water change - as the eggs develop, they do release waste material.
if an egg turns blue, it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down.
i will be taking my 3 and 4 yr olds.
should i get a balcony?
it is vacation time.
they look for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable vacation.
especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids, which best suit you can select?
do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones?
whatever be the age, you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day-to-day activities.
disney cruises offer 24-hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like.
it has got very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatly.
they can spend many hours enjoying the disney world magic.
it is really an entertainment for the kids.
you can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking........
i would suggest a warmer season, but not spring break or early summer.
you may also want to avoid thanksgiving week and the christmas holidays.
we really enjoyed our balcony-- coffee in the mornings, drinks at night, standing outside when docking and leaving port-- however, it is quite a bit more expensive.
with young ones, i would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside.
check out the kids' space as soon as you get onboard.
they have a blast so the sooner they get there, the sooner they can have fun.
you can also leave notes for the rest of your family (husband) about where you are at any given point.
cell phones do not work on board but they give you a 'walkie-talkie' kind of phone in your room that will work onboard.
we always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we 'had' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling.
we had a ball.
we had an inside cabin and it is what i would recommend.
there are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted.
the children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones.
you will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a disney cruise.
if you stay with your dining schedule, every night is dinner and a show.
the real payoff is that you will have the same waiter for the entire cruise.
our waiter quickly grasped the fact that i like ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare.
since they knew our preferences, we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did.
but food is always available and it is consistently good.
i think i gained three pounds in my week long cruise.
that's why i'm posting here!
i posted this in singles and dating too, so i've just copied and pasted.
well, i'll try to make this short.
i have known this guy for a long time, but we've never been good friends or anything.
he is my farrier (shoes my horses feet) so i am technically a client if you want to view it that way.
well, almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horses feet and was so flirty.
he always hugs me when he comes, but he gave me at least 5 tight, long, back rubbing hugs while he was there.
we were also just talking about my horse's crappy feet and he mentioned.
"well, if you ever just want to see me i'll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after."
that has never happened before so i was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested.
anyway, so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horses foot(i've never heard of a farrier doing this) and telling me to call him in a few days(first it was a week, then it was a few days lol) and he'd come back out and put it in.
i don't know if i should call him again tomorrow or not?
i know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you, but it's different because i'm a client and technically that's all i am at this point.
it's a father and son business.
anyway, i would appreciate any insight on this at all.
thank you for reading if you did! :)
ok, well as far as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail out - that is not the case, they are extremely well known farriers in the area.
the reason he said he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my horse's horrible feet.
this is about the fourth time they've done my horse's feet because i just switched back to them.
the only reason i switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own.
which, i might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails.
so, obviously i switched back to these guys.
ok, calm down, it's not like he's some stranger that came up and groped me lol.
i've known the guy for about 10 years.
i am 21, so yeah we were both kids when we knew each other!
he is a few years older than me.
and yes, i do like him.
to answer barry white, yes that did occur to me :) i hope that is all he's waiting for.
on the other hand, he could very easily just call me and say hey i'm busy right now, i'll call you when i can come out.
and as far as scheduled visits go, i have no idea.
i've never done that before though either.
it's always just "okay, they're feet need to be done, better call the farrier."
and they usually come out within a few days.
he will call you back im sure!
sounds like he really likes you..
but you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way?
would you like going for *coffee* with him?
or is he not your type?
or are you undecided?
if i were you i would go...
i would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get?
when i was younger in my early 20s my farrier was a hottie named joby..( for those who don't know i am a girl read my bio on my page) dumb as a post about everything but horses..
sorta wonder what it would have been like?
he had this habit of telling you everything..
well one day he said to me you know i don't wear underwear as he was bent over working on my mares right front hoof.. and i was like ummmm okay???
im glad his butt was facing me so he couldn't see my red face i think my mare was even laughing..
well 6 weeks later when he came back out he was again working on my mares front foot and i looked down and yeah he had wholes in his pants in the wrong places i bust out laughing and he was like what???
i was like ummmm i can see your ass cheeks...he was like oops did i forget my underwear???
that was a strange way to flirt.. but i guss it was his way...
i was heartbroken.. but then realized he was not the guy for me..
wow he does sound interested in you, my farrier never gives me hugs like that (probably a good thing as he has a wife and 2 kids) anyway, i find that they can be very busy so i would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a call but don’t leave a message so you don’t have to necessarily wait for him to call.
from the point of view of a business, and client/operator relationships, he's doing a really shitty job.
leaving nails out so you'll call and have him come back out later?
cute or not, i'd call a different bloke because he's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he's flirting or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first.
this is, after all, his business, and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work?
i have the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for free.
he's not lame, but he's been having issues.
i have a 5 year old that lost all of his cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months ago.
i chalked it up to possible nerve damage, because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems.
so i sent him to the trainers the first of september to be started on the barrels.
i got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday (i expected him to drop some).
he can eat all his feed and doesn't drop any, but cannot eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it.
he is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle.
the only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead.
the horse i had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life.
i cannot afford to treat whatever is wrong with him.
no, i have not done an epm test but have done an extensive blood panel and my vet did a neurological physical exam.
we elected to not do the epm test because there was no neurological signs.
he is still showing no signs other than the weight loss, and some muscle atrophy.
he eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws.
so i might get the horse and see what i can do.
i will be getting with my vet first and if i do get him, have the spinal fluid test done for epm and a titer test.
i'll be having my equine chiro/acupuncturist out to do some work as well if i do get him....
think i should do it?
i will be calling my vet and chiro about him.
worse comes to worse, i'm out of the $$ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament.
he's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle.
this is a horse that i otherwise wouldn't be able to afford and even if i spend 2k and treatment i come out ahead of his purchase price.
i posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3, that is not me to clarify.
she is the one that can't afford to do anything else for him in case he doesn't recover fully.
he can eat grain and i already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he can't eat regular hay.
i don't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain.
i am not going to go pick up a horse i can't afford.
i am willing to pull the epm test and treat.
i will also be having my other vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers.
july is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury.
he's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy, with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead (which could or couldn't be related).
he's not starving.
he's dropping we
he's not starving.
he's dropping weight, but most of that came from being at the trainers and being ridden hard for 60 days.
he's not putting it back on.
i know that i have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down.
at the same time i do know people who have had horses come back successfully after epm.
i know this is going to be expensive.
i'm willing to give it a shot.
gallop, i've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well.
i will have the epm test done before treating.
it's actually one of the alternative therapies for epm
i think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals (and a bunch of yahoos) before you decide to take this horse on.
i do think some y!a users need to work on their reading comprehension as i can't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse.
worst case scenario you fall in love and after spending thousands of dollars you have to put the horse down.
is that something you are up for?
if so go for it and i'll give you all the moral support i can as you figure out what is up.
it is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down, but some horses are worth the risk.
if you feel this guy is worth it then i hope your vet can figure things out.
as to epm like shee said being in mi we've had to deal with it.
we hauled the horse to windsor and got him treated there.
that horse returned to racing and we didn't notice much difference.
we've had a few since then, but none since our race horses began wintering in florida.
i have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers, but we haven't had an epm horse in at least 10 years.
i can say all of our epm horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like shee gave and all returned to racing.
it might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns.
i don't know.
msu does a lot of epm studies because of how common it is here.
you may want to see if you can get in touch with their epm group and get this guy in a study.
i know they did lab work showing that strongid c used daily could help prevent epm.
i believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now, but it may be sometime before those results are released.
another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be west nile?
let us know what you decide to do.
you hate to see talent get wasted, but honestly i don't think i could take in a horse right now these issues.
personally i think you should just keep on walking by.
you should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not.
if you have a good repoire (which i'm sure you do) with them, they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree... not really sure what you want to do with him...
even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh, there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future.
could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy?
was it always like this?
or has it occurred since birth.
i also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke?
i think if you cannot afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect.
who knows what the future might hold, and it might be expensive?
do not go to this salon, especially if you have to get your hair straightened.
they did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when i went back to ask them why it didn't work for my hair.
he didnt prescribe pain meds or other drugs, he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable.
he knows what hes doing.
we just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed.
cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more.
if you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones.
i recently got a tattoo done at aztec and i could not be happier.
it came out better than i even imagined.
i would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done.
i had to take care of the ants myself.
but i found the location wonderful and the neighbors very kind.
because of the ants i dropped them to a 3 star.
i have used just like family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs.
the real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her.
i highly recommend her.
i found bright star tours and travels and best and affordable tour operators and tours agents in chennai, india offered me student tour india package for very less price.
i enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and india heritage tours for valuable.
they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an hour.
the guy came on time and didn't take any breaks, he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly!
i couldn't be more happier with the way my garage looks.
i would rate fran pcs an a+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great.
he took the time to explain things to me about my computer, i would recommend you go to him.
its great to know you can get great service, great product, and for the best price all in one!
i've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way!!
i'll be coming back for years to come!
as a qualified criminal defense attorney, he will work every possible legal "angle" (leaving no stone unturned) of your case to achieve the most favorable result possible.
i have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it.
i like my food hot both ways not warm or cold.
i will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot.
we went to kobeys on saturday and had our whole teams uniforms done!
he was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got, and his work was top notch.
we love little farmer
we attend lftd and our children love it!!
they even want to go to school on the weekends!!
they are preparing my older son for kindergarten and looks forward to seeing his teacher and friends everyday.
my infant is content everyday when i drop off and pick up.
i rang srd pat testing and within 3 hours scot had come to my premises and pat tested all my our spill the whisky barn dance band equipment, and supplied a certificate for only 70p per unit.
i came to la crosse to go to college, and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here.
they were beautiful and lasted forever!
now that i live here, this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers!
i <3 max's
i go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at max's are great!!
they are friendly and fast.
i have never had a problem with their hours because i always go during the mornings.
they are great!
prepared the road test with a driving ... prepared the road test with a driving school in edmonton, but my instructor only trained me in a narrow street, hence i took one 90 minute lesson from the noble driving school to learn the skill of changing lane, and found them very friendly and professional.
i would recommend him to anyone.
i was experiencing severe back pain to the point i could barely walk or even bare to sit.
i went from a pain scale of 8-9 to 0 and i was able to run in the crim just a week later!!
they have been my only "go-to" resource since we first did business together.
you will find the same to be true for you.
we have never had a bad experience buying from edmark.
this is car number 3 we've purchased through them.
we trust and appreciate scott larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs!
mark at tintman nationwidetints ltd, did a very professional job very quick, no fuss, deliverd the car to me and i drove him back home,great arrangement great price!!
in this hard economic times is very important to save money very reasonable prices top quality work the owner operator he does all the the work with helpers very friendly i definitely recommend this this guys don't get jack by big companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list thanks
had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant.
it has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area.
good beer good service and what more could you want.
this store is by far the worst verizon store i've been in.
incredibly rude and i will not return to it.
they have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time.
i enjoy working with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to anyone.
i needed wisdom teeth taken out.
they were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery.
i've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and stainless steel is by far the best.
i would recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo.
i have had all three of my children attend lake forest tots.
the program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers, the programs and the director.
