two of them were being run by 2 officials of the ministry of the interior!
the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi, so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s.
the third was being run by the head of an investment firm.
the cells were operating in the ghazaliyah and al-jihad districts of the capital.
the police commander of ninevah province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in mosul, whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings.
(kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population, who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in.
this willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center-north of the country.)
in baghdad kadhim talal husain, assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university, was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district.
one of them was from the jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the hawijah garrison.
two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday, protesting the killing of their clan elder, shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons, by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms.
al-zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office.
the debaathification commission had been pushed by ahmad chalabi and his iraqi national congress very hard, and had pushed many sunni arabs into the arms of the guerrillas.
chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within iraq, however, despite his ties of clientelage with washington and tehran.
now the electoral commission is refusing to punish people for mere past baath party membership.
the situation in iraq is only going to get better this way.
if someone committed a crime against humanity, prosecute the person.
al-sharq al-awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of saddam hussein for a 1982 massacre at dujail has died.
the trial begins again nov.28.
in baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas, mostly in sadr city and adhamiya.
there has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again.
my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now, helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop.
everyone is apprehensive, there is some talk that april 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days.
mosques are calling for donating blood, food, and medicine for fallujah, and several convoys have already headed out for fallujah, most of them returned later though.
so what happened?
al-iraqiyah tv said that icdc were controlling ramadi.
elena's motorcycle tour through the region around chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history.
update:
this is not a post about fault-finding or assigning blame.
there was a soothing authoritative unscear (united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation-related health effects to most people exposed.
this was heavily promoted by the australasian radiation protection society in a press release titled the myths of chernobyl which contained the following:
many people still believe that to be true, even though the ministry of russian federation on civil defence, emergencies and elimination of conseguences of natural disasters (emercom of russia) reported this in 1996:
chernobyl accident: ten years on
in the last decade, there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and, to a certain extent, adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union (wi940) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise.
the prestigious iaea (international atomic energy agency) published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects.
however, in april 2001, the iaea published fifteen years after the chernobyl accident - lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reports.
here are some excerpts:
the dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in belarus, russia, and ukraine, which have been observed since 1991, continues to this day.
...a drop in the birth rate, a deterioration in women's reproductive health, an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth, and a deterioration in neonatal health....
there is a lot to learn about chernobyl.
being well-informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports.
there are a wealth of references on chernobyl.
read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions.
iaea report lessons learned
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm
http://www.chernobyl.info/en
http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html
radiation:
remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray?
that too was stopped.
don't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks--there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl.......
the chernobyl children's project (http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp) offers several ways to help the children of that region.
one of them is the rest and recuperation program, wherein a child can come to the us for a few weeks in the summer.
even a little time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care, etc. can add years to their lives.
s. and i have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years; to see these little ones breaks the heart.
take care, my friend, linda
what do the new al-qaeda videotape and audio speeches of bin laden and ayman al-zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization?
because the us and pakistan have managed to capture or kill about 2/3s of the top 25 al-qaeda commanders, the middle managers are not in close contact with al-zawahiri and bin laden.
the tape was a way to signal priorities.
these are 1) assassinate or overthrow gen. pervez musharraf, the pakistani military "president" who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the united states against the taliban and al-qaeda.
musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al-qaeda sympathizers.
his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-qaeda operatives, over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us.
musharraf held elections in october of 2002, in which center-right parties did well, but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition, mma.
mma also captured the northwest frontier province, which probably shelters bin laden and al-zawahiri, and is in a joint government of baluchistan province, also on the afghanistan border.
all this is highly unlikely, as with most al-qaeda crackpot schemes.
on the one hand, it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election, and to repeal the contentious "legal framework order" that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship.
on the other, restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream muslim league-n and pakistan people's party, who can defeat the mma in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police.
on the other hand, the us should strong-arm india and pakistan into a final settlement of the kashmir issue.
al-zawahiri attempted to use musharraf's lack of progress in helping the muslims of that indian state as a justification for his overthrow.
the kashmir issue generates far more terrorism, and even the threat of nuclear war, than iraq ever did.
2) target israel and encourage the worst elements of the palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the sharon government.
response: the us has succeeded in politically isolating hamas, and started the process of cutting off its funding.
this terrorist organization can now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks.
but sharon's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace, and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza.
israel owes the united states at least this much, in this crisis, to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace.
3) make iraq another afghanistan, using the republican right's own tactics against them.
certainly, the shiites already hate al-qaeda and would help; likewise the kurds.
the problem of mollifying the sunnis, though, has to be solved to avoid giving al-qaeda an entrée.
the americans have to put away their free-market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into iraqi households.
of course, the sooner the us soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less-provocative local or international forces, the better.
getting the spanish out of iraq isn't nearly as good a rallying cry for al-qaeda in the arab world as getting the americans and british out.
george w. bush alleged thursday that john edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president.
let's just remember a seminal bush moment in 1999:
' bush fails reporter's pop quiz on international leaders
november 5, 1999
web posted at: 3:29 p.m. est (2029 gmt)
washington (cnn) --
texas gov. george w. bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots, but president bill clinton says bush "should, and probably will, pick up" those names.
the front-runner for the 2000 republican presidential nomination faltered thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by andy hiller, a political reporter for whdh-tv in boston.
bush
hiller asked bush to name the leaders of chechnya, taiwan, india and pakistan.
bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of taiwan, referring to taiwanese president lee teng-hui simply as "lee."
hiller asked, inquiring about gen. pervaiz musharraf, who seized control of the country october 12.
"wait, wait, is this 50 questions?" asked bush.
gore released a statement friday taking bush to task for his comments on pakistan's recent coup.
musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with india in 2002, risking war twice that year.
although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11, under extreme duress from the us, elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself.
this was the body that bush proclaimed was bringing "stability" to the region in fall of 1999.
another answer is that edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than bush did then.
indeed, given how bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the us, one might well argue that edwards knows more now than bush does.
this is what edwards' campaign literature said about his positions: "edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts, from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland.
edwards is a strong supporter of israel, and believes that the u.s. has a vital role in promoting peace between the israelis and the palestinians."
from friday's daily star
by juan cole
friday, june 04, 2004
as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis, some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for anti-american terrorism.
israel, however, is much closer to iraq and is likely to suffer from iraqi instability much more acutely than will the united states.
ironically, among the strongest proponents of war in iraq were israeli prime minister ariel sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the us.
the biggest threat israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of palestinian national liberation movements.
any thorough assessment of the impact of the iraq war and its aftermath on israel's security environment must, therefore, closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare.
the palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the israeli occupation of the gaza strip and the west bank were not driven by economic considerations.
saddam never did anything practical to help the palestinians.
by the late 1990s, iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program, and had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles.
its ramshackle army had virtually collapsed before the american invasion in 2003.
the bungling of post-war iraq by the bush administration created a weak and failed state.
armed militias, many staffed by former iraqi military men with substantial training and experience, have proliferated.
the us chose to ally itself with such groups as the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq, whose 15,000-strong badr corps paramilitary was trained by the iranian revolutionary guards.
anti-israeli and pro-palestinian feeling is strong among several major iraqi ideological groups and currents.
the more radical shiites, who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, routinely chant and demonstrate against israel.
worse for israel, the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites.
these shiite movements had been suppressed by saddam hussein's regime, but have now organized and armed themselves.
sunni arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the palestinians and with hamas, and those in iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in jordan and palestine.
iraqi cities such as fallujah and ramadi were on the truck route from amman to baghdad, and so came under the influence of the salafi movement, which is popular in jordan.
secular arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the palestinians, and those in post-saddam iraq are no exception.
an iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for israel.
if even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to iraq, its citizens will be able to benefit from the country's petroleum reserves.
that private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the palestinians and for lebanese shiites.
israel's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors, which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the palestinians.
ariel sharon's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied west bank and his indefinite postponement of any palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence.
the anger has spread throughout the muslim world, including iraq.
the promotion by the pro-zionist right of twin occupations - in the west bank and in iraq - has profoundly weakened, not strengthened, israeli security.
juan cole (www.juancole.com) is a professor of modern middle east history at the university of michigan and author of "sacred space and holy war" (i.b. tauris, 2002).
the daily star publishes this commentary in agreement with agence global
tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process
but there are strong hints in the country that a new indo-sri lanka defense deal could be in the making.
and this has already drawn protests from the tamil national alliance (tna) which was backed by the ltte in the april general elections held in sri lanka.
india defensive over sri lanka
by ranjit devraj
new delhi -
and that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga's four-day visit to india recently.
according to professor s d muni, south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university, the two-year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte) are stalemated.
"the sri lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the ltte from starting one.
colombo held six rounds of talks with the tigers between september 2002 and march 2003.
but last april, the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition, first, for the right to self-rule before proceeding any further.
kumaratunga's india tour preceded a three-day visit to sri lanka by norwegian foreign minister jan petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that oslo successfully brokered in february 2002.
petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success, and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed-door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track, diplomatic sources said.
colombo, too, seems to be in an intractable position.
according to former indian army general a s kalkat, the difficulty for kumaratunga's government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control.
a veteran of india's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo-sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment.
kalkat, who currently chairs the independent us-based international council on conflict resolution, said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers, india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks.
in 1987, the tamil tigers reluctantly accepted the peace accord under indian pressure.
under the accord, a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east.
india had to pull back its forces from sri lanka in 1989 following the election of ranasinghe premadasa, a strong critic of indian mediation.
the tigers' chief ideologue, balasingham, sniffed at the proposal saying that "a solution to the ethnic conflict cannot be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences, but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces."
but there are strong hints in the country that a new indo-sri lanka defense deal could be in the making.
and this has already drawn protests from the tamil national alliance (tna) which was backed by the ltte in the april general elections held in sri lanka.
"tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process," tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement.
apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987, the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty.
the best option, now, under the present difficult circumstances is for colombo to do its own dirty work, although new delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion, ethnicity and language cannot be the basis for secession.
asia times online 16/11/2004
unreported by the international media, the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded.
over nine dozen temples that had served the hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals.
musharraf calls the bluff
m.d. nalapat
the reality is that india is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of pakistan.
that distinction has now gone to the united states.
realists, and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott, who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia, understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo.
simultaneously, new delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert kashmir into a second afghanistan.
bill clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet, under colin powell (who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics), the pendulum of u.s. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the valley of kashmir loose from india.
this, pakistan's lobbyist in washington christina rocca has been told, is the "minimum" that the pakistan army will accept.
with luck, the kashmir valley can attract investment from the middle east and other locations where muslims are dominant and become a tourist, education and services haven within india.
the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome, except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army, which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971.
unreported by the international media, the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded.
over nine dozen temples that had served the hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals.
indeed, their reports are filled with tales of the "atrocities" of indian troops on the innocent jihadis.
despite sept. 11, the united states still supports the kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price washington is paying to keep pervez musharraf happy.
despite many wrinkles, india remains a part-democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op-ed piece against sonia gandhi or atal behari vajpayee would instantly.
the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china, hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea.
under president hu jintao, beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year, making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the "permanent five" that has not yet done so.
with colin powell around, the u.s. has no need of an osama bin laden
m.d. nalapat, an expert on jihad, is professor of geopolitics at the manipal academy of higher education, india.
washington times 28/10/2004
ok.
during his time in the guard, george bush flew the f-102 delta dagger fighter-interceptor.
the f-102 saw service in the vietnam theater between march 1962 and december 1969.
during this time, f-102 squadrons were based out of tan son nhut, da nang and bien hoa in vietnam, and udorn and don muang in thailand.
( click here for source. )
and, let's remember, flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous!
what follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine (thanks to dave manzano).
read on to learn the facts.
---------
bush’s national guard years
that his daddy got him in?
news coverage of the president’s years in the guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else.
so just for the record, here, in full, is what bush did:
the future president joined the guard in may 1968.
six weeks of basic training.
fifty-three weeks of flight training.
twenty-one weeks of fighter-interceptor training.
that was 80 weeks to begin with, and there were other training periods thrown in as well.
not two years of weekends.
two years.
after training, bush kept flying, racking up hundreds of hours in f-102 jets.
at the time, guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation.
bush earned 340 points in 1969-1970.
[in other words, bush earned enough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch in 1969-1970 alone.
- acd]
bush asked for permission to go to alabama to work on a senate campaign.
his superior officers said ok.
requests like that weren’t unusual, says retired col. william campenni, who flew with bush in 1970 and 1971.
“in 1972, there was an enormous glut of pilots,” campenni says.
“the vietnam war was winding down, and the air force was putting pilots in desk jobs.
so bush stopped flying.
bush received an honorable discharge after serving five years, four months and five days of his original six-year commitment.
during his service, bush received high marks as a pilot.
a 1970 evaluation said bush “clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot” and was “a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership.”
democrats are spitting mad over attacks on john kerry’s record by the group swift boat veterans for truth.
now, after the swift boat episode, the spotlight has returned to bush.
that’s fine.
and perhaps someday kerry will release more of his military records as well.
byron york is a white house correspondent for national review.
his column appears in the hill each week.
one week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie, yet strikingly familiar.
many voting centres have already been successfully attacked or destroyed in many areas.
now that the picture is clear, the two main competing lists seem to be the united iraqi coalition list and allawi's al-iraqiya list.
ayad allawi, and other ministers running on his list, have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning.
one minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar 'gifts' to journalists attending a press conference for allawi, a practice that brings back bad memories to many iraqis.
sheikh naji al-abbudi, a spokesman for sistani, affirmed the claims that the grand ayatollah is backing the united iraqi coalition list.
al-abbudi stated that "his emminence" decided to openly support the list because "others" (obviously a reference to allawi) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning.
ahmed al-chalabi and defense minister hazim al-sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media.
chalabi describing sha'lan as a "ba'athist" and a "former double agent for saddam and the cia", while sha'lan dismisses chalabi as a "thief" and an "iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran".
fistfights, please.
the main kurdish coalition list (puk and kdp) is barely mentioned outside the kurdish region.
many iraqis, including conservative and religious iraqis, are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party, probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly.
the communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in iraq.
***
several candidates were assassinated and targeted these last two weeks, others have been forced under threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the islamic party.
sectarian tensions are at their highest since april, 2004, with sunni insurgents now openly attacking husseiniyas and shia mosques.
first driving out the americans, then fighting the shia back into submission (as in 1991).
sunni iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation.
the only hope now is that, following the elections, the national assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties.
many of these sheikhs have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years.
very recently, us forces in al-anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul-razaq inad al-gu'ud, sheikh of the al-bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe.
the gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of al-anbar governor some months back.
the al-bu nimr in ramadi and al-qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al-dulaymi, an air force general belonging to their tribe.
the revolt took two weeks to be suppressed by the republican guard.
another bad step was the recent arrest of sheikh hassan al-lihabi, of the lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of al-anbar, mosul and salah al-din.
al-lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident.
the shia cannot live without the sunnis, and vice versa.
both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other.
even partition is not a possibility, there are no clear borders between the two.
remember luis posada carriles ?
because of such talk, posada has been taken into custody by immigration officials.
authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about posada's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug.
but comfortable among the thugs, posada overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron, the us government.
but then, maybe that wouldn't have saved him either, because posada is not meiring.
posada can be given up, but meiring can't.
meiring's crimes are fresh, and wave the false flag which is the "war on terror."
(ask terry nichols about the philippines.)
the bombings implicated muslims, and exacerbated regional tensions which the bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the philippine military sought to exploit.
posada's crimes, on the other hand, must seem like ancient history, especially to a people who don't know their history.
and to those who don't even know their crimes, not even that.
but will posada be given up?
the hope may be that posada can soon be offered to a post-chavez allawi-like puppet in caracas.
whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference; justice would not be served then.
but posada's nearly 80 years old, and the venezuelan people will ensure that's a vain hope.
so instead posada may be held indefinitely, in comfortable custody.
an embarrassment to the us still, just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about miami, gloating in his freedom.
meiring is more than an embarrassment.
his case threatens the consensus fiction of the "war on terror."
so his name will remain unspoken.
another connection to philippine terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the 1980s- is alleged in the book disposable patriot, by jack terrell.
terrell, a cia asset originally recruited for the contra effort, identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the philippine scheme as oliver north...
http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939
peter dale scott includes an account of how terrell's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book cocaine politics.
... same ole, same ole...
due to the judge in the 1983 case ruling that a cia agent could not testify using a pseudonym, therefore opening him to cross-examination by wilson, the prosecution had a problem.
then charles a. briggs came to the rescue.
the briggs declaration states that with one exception in 1972, wilson did not work "directly or indirectly" for the cia since retiring.
http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/
last week, federal district judge lynn hughes in huston, texas, threw out wilson's two-decades old conviction.
judge hughes wrote: `government knowingly used false evidence against him,' concluding `honesty comes hard to government.'
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html
former pastor, deputy implicated in church child sex abuse
ponchatoula, la. --
sheriff's deputies in louisiana made a third arrest wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a ponchatoula, la., church.
yeah, "things"...
yesterday evening, the posada story was featured in the public television news show in germany (ard, tagesthemen).
the newly released papers, showing him complicit in the airliner bombing, were mentioned
gandalf
please check out my who let the dog out blog.
this is a excellent blog.
keep it going.
paul
don't let this pass you by without at least taking a look.
get-a-free-house.com
+ as the implications of the andaman islands situation sink in, indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
in recent months, its fallibility has become evident.
the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka, and the recent "coup" by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence failure. +
trouble on india's islands
ramtanu maitra
in early february, india charged 34 arakan separatists from myanmar with hiding in the landfall islands, part of the andaman islands group (see end note).
these alleged members of the arakan army, the military wing of the national unity party in myanmar, have been charged with illegal entry.
reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the andaman islands are not only thick with myanmar rebels.
information pointing in this direction came to light after the december 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the andamans.
deteriorating security
the andaman sea is a major conduit for this traffic, and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the andaman and nicobar group are a natural transit base.
the drugs and arms travel in all directions.
this is not unknown to new delhi.
a recent report by a journalist from port blair, in the andamans, quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from myanmar, bangladesh and sri lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using fake indian ration cards, while citizens of thailand, china, indonesia and malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave.
an official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 "foreigners" in the andaman islands, but unofficial figures are much higher than this.
the presence of the sea tigers in the area with guns, cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous.
one unnamed naval officer was quoted saying, "arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region."
these islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the strait of malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in oil for the far east and southeast asia.
intelligence lapses
as the implications of the andaman islands situation sink in, indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny.
in recent months, its fallibility has become evident.
the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka, and the recent "coup" by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence failure.
with growing economic and military power, india will be dependent on smaller nations in the region increasingly to maintain regional security.
indian intelligence's lackluster performance in dealing with the ltte is startling.
this formidable enemy, which gave the indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s, has been operating in northeastern india and in the andaman sea for a long time.
in 2001, according to indian army officials, security forces launched a wide-ranging operation in the 300-some inhabited islands neighboring andaman and nicobar, and found huge caches of arms.
the arms were said to belong to the ltte and "other terrorist groups".
in addition, ltte activity in the andaman sea is well known to local observers.
the biggest ltte maritime disaster was reported in the now-defunct asiaweek in 2001.
as is ltte standard procedure, the vessel changed its name at sea to horizon.
ltte arms-running
in 1997, the thai navy reported the interception of a 16-meter boat after a chase off the thai port of ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition.
among the weapons intercepted were two rocket-propelled-grenade launchers, 20 assault rifles, m-79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition.
four persons were arrested, reportedly belonging to the manipur revolutionary people's front.
six crew members were from the arakan region of myanmar.
the boat was heading toward cox's bazar in bangladesh.
until 1995 the ltte maintained a base at twante, an island off the coat of myanmar, west of the andaman islands.
subsequently, phuket became the ltte's main backup base.
a sri lanka-born tamil with a norwegian passport was arrested by thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the ltte.
at the time of his arrest, the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a "submarine" in a shipyard on the island of sirae near phuket on the andaman sea coast.
steady buildup
the real threat to the andaman islands is the steady building-up of ports and conduits that serve the tamil tigers and a host of less-strong militant groups.
a number of extremist groups, under the cover of the islamist movement, have become active in drug trafficking, gun running and anti-indian activities.
as a result, north of the andaman islands, bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms.
the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox's bazar passes through northern bengal, assam and meghalaya, and on into chittagong.
note
india's andaman and nicobar islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of sri lanka in the bay of bengal.
the ten degree channel divides the andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands, from the 20 or so nicobar islands in the south.
on south andaman, the most heavily populated island, is port blair, which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago.
ramtanu maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the washington-based eir and the new delhi-based indian defense review.
[ karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between india and pakistan in afghanistan.
islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan.
pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 raw agents based in kandahar and another 12 in jalalabad.
both india and afghanistan deny the claim.
karzai, musharraf new regional equations
kabul:
for the past 25 years landlocked afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - pakistan, iran and the central asian republics - and regional powers -russia and india.
“the elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable afghanistan, a peaceful afghanistan is good for all.
nobody should feel a looser in afghanistan,’’ president hamid karzai told pakistan’s english daily the nation.
that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush, musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly.
the meeting was pushed together by the cia and the us defence department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged pakistani backed taliban.
western and afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting, said bush pushed musharraf hard on reigning in the taliban so the elections could take place peacefully.
‘’where are mullah omar, mullah usmani and gulbuddin hikmetar?’’
bush is reported to have asked a flustered musharraf.
all three are extremist taliban or their allies and known to be living in pakistan.
(mullah omar is leader of the taliban, usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb-e-islami.)
‘’bush was very well briefed before the meeting,’’ the diplomat said.
an afghan official at the meeting added, ‘’the americans now realise that the taliban are a bigger threat to our security than al qaeda.’’
‘’president musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the taliban,’’ says karzai.
the next day an angry musharraf categorically said that pakistan would not send pakistani troops to iraq, a clear snub to the americans.
however pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting.
however there were visible signs of a crackdown on the pakistan side.
‘’pakistan now has a large force deployed in baluchistan which was not there before,’’ says lt. general david barno.
also several days before the elections pakistan closed the border crossing point at chaman in baluchistan which is a key entry point for the taliban into afghanistan.
however us military officers say regular army officers - many of them pashtun - leading units of the frontier corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the taliban and the mullahs of the jui.
at the same time the us remains oblivious of the serious problems and political fallout which the army is facing in its operations in waziristan.
musharraf has always maintained that the us has never provided actionable intelligence about taliban leaders hiding in baluchistan.
that too may change.
us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts.
moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to kabul leading taliban commanders, who have been living quietly in pakistan and have taken no part in the taliban insurgency.
with the taliban failure to disrupt the afghan elections, the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream taliban who want to return home.
their removal should also provide increased motivation for pakistan to help the return of moderate taliban.
karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between india and pakistan in afghanistan.
islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan.
pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 raw agents based in kandahar and another 12 in jalalabad.
both india and afghanistan deny the claim.
qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai.
however since the elections iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the hazara shia candidate mohammed mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing qanooni to do the same.
with the us military presence posing a threat on their borders in both iraq and afghanistan, iran’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise karzai so that the us presence in afghanistan is reduced.
however powerful hardliners in tehran may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the rift with the moderates.
the enhanced us presence in western afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of ismail khan, the warlord and governor of herat province last month, who was a close ally of iranian hardliners.
at a time of heightened tensions between tehran and washington over iran’s nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in washington that a second bush term should deal with iran aggressively, the iranians fear that shindand could be used as a listening post, spying facility and even a launching pad for any future us actions against iran.
however general barno insists the us presence poses no threat to iran.
‘’afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the us and iran.
nobody can claim that the interference of afghanistan’s neighbours is over, but the elections will do much to strengthen karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours’ interference.
many taliban living in afghanistan voted for president karzai.
pakistan link 16/10/2004
the debate that a handful of texas multi-millionnaires close to the bush family have cleverly manufactured over john kerry's war record is absurd in every way.
most of those making the charges have even flip-flopped, contradicting themselves.
but to address the substance of this big lie is to risk falling into its logic.
if some of john kerry's wounds were superficial, bush received no wounds.
that is the logic of the medal).
kerry saved a man's life while under fire.
bush did no such thing.
what was bush doing with his youth?
for decades.
(newsweek reported that bush commanded his cabinet, "let heads roll!")
that temper is only one problem.
bush has a sadistic streak.
drug abuse can affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy.
even for those who later abstain, "visual-spatial abilities, abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memory, are the slowest to recover."
"all things considered (8:00 pm et) - npr march 30, 2004 tuesday
this campaign season, there have been questions about whether george w. bush fulfilled his obligations to the national guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s.
there is one place in alabama where mr. bush was present nearly every day: the headquarters in montgomery of us senate candidate winton "red" blount.
npr's wade goodwyn has this report about mr. bush's time on that campaign.
wade goodwyn reporting:
in 1972, baba groom was a smart, funny young woman smack-dab in the middle of an exciting us senate campaign.
ms. baba groom (former campaign worker):
goodwyn: the candidate mr. bush was working for, red blount, had gotten rich in alabama in the construction business.
prominent southern republicans were something of a rare breed in those days.
in washington, blount became friends and tennis partners with mr. bush's father, then congressman bush.
that was how 26-year-old lieutenant bush came to montgomery, at his father's urging . . .
back in 1972 in the deep south, many rural counties didn't have much in the way of official republican party apparatus.
archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers, mr. bush was not one of them.
mr. archibald: george certainly didn't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there.
mr. archibald: george didn't have any interest at all in talking about the military.
goodwyn: far from texas and washington, dc, mr. bush enjoyed his freedom.
mr. archibald: people have different ways of starting the days in any office.
goodwyn: archibald says the frequency with which mr. bush discussed the subject was off-putting to him.
archibald, a middle-class alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered democrat--didn't like that story.
goodwyn dutifully notes that baba groom didn't remember george telling drunk stories.
again, decades of this sort of behavior do not leave a person untouched.
our world is in crisis and our republic is in danger.
when the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men
just remember that death is not the end
just remember that death is not the end - bob dylan
from wednesday's mirror the headline, "have 200,000 ak47s fallen into the hands of iraq terrorists?"
(also see this thread on the ri discussion board):
the 99-tonne cache of ak47s was to have been secretly flown out from a us base in bosnia.
but the four planeloads of arms have vanished.
orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the us department of defense.
but the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders .
and the moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the un in 2003 for smuggling arms to liberia, human rights group amnesty has discovered.
but air traffic controllers in baghdad have no record of the flights, which supposedly took off between july 2004 and july 2005.
there are concerns that some may have been siphoned off."
this year a newspaper claimed two uk firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for iraqi forces were re-routed to al-qaeda.
but then, even to talk of an "administration" may be misdirection at this point, given how little representative government means in the united states these days, and how much of "national security" has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns.
like the tens of billions of dollars that have been "lost" in iraq, planeloads of arms don't just "vanish"; not when the pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of bout's untouchable stature.
meanwhile, a decision's been reached in the trial of toledo priest gerald robinson.
...
the crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in downtown toledo on the saturday before easter in 1980.
investigators said the nun, margaret ann pahl, 71, was strangled and then stabbed, with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross, a well-recognized satanic symbol.
from snap's statement on the robinson conviction:
more than ever, police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .
when victims and witnesses stay silent, nothing changes.
the murder weapon, robinson's letter opener:
finally, from an email, a follow-up on the reopening of the investigation into the atlanta child murders :
dekalb county police chief louis graham...the man who reopened the investigations last year, is mysteriously stepping down.
and of all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement...is none other than lee brown, the original supervisor of the atlanta pd, who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation.
snap is right in part.
police and prosecutors have the tools.
the will is another matter.
some do, individually.
but institutionally?
that's still the domain of those who don't.
lots of important stories out there today jeff....thank god and a few good souls for that conviction.
talk about law enforcement not having the will...
crackdown on polygamy group
small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern us under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the fundamentalist latter day saints (flds) separated itself from mainstream mormonism in 1890.
...
...
specifically, jeffs is charged in utah and arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging "spiritual" marriages for girls and older men.
at weekend press conferences in salt lake city and phoenix, fbi and state officials said jeffs "is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards."
...
as with christian identity and other hate-related philosophies tied to the aryan nations and the neo-nazi creativity movement, jeffs has preached racism as well.
"the black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth," jeffs has said as cited by the southern poverty law center's "intelligence report."
an editorial in the church-owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that "the state's history, a conservative belief in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid-glove approach lawmakers and law-enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities."
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5
"there's no tracking mechanism in place"?!?!?
never mind.
no need to worry.
the raw story
